Introduction: The UK Independence Party The Economy Health, Social Security and Pensions Education Transport and The Environment Home Affairs Agriculture & Fisheries Defence and Foreign Affairs The Constitution Summary Index & Authors   Introduction: The Party  The UK Independence Party was founded in 1993 to seek 's withdrawal from the European Union. We have attracted membership from Labour, Conservative and Liberal-Democrat backgrounds - principled men and women who want their country back. The UKIP has grown steadily as more people see through the European 'project'. We are now the fourth political party - in 1999, we won three seats in the European Parliament, a platform we use to reveal the truth about the EU.  The UKIP is a non-racist, non-sectarian party. It includes British people of all backgrounds who value individual freedom, tolerance and our right to govern ourselves. The UKIP really believes in and 's future as an independent nation competing in the world. We are not 'anti-European', but we oppose British membership of an EU that stifles our initiative and threatens our freedom. We do not seek to abolish the EU, for we believe that each nation in should decide its own future. has no more right to control them than they have to impose their will on us.  The UKIP is the only political party contesting the General Election that will never abolish the pound for the euro and will never abandon British common law, the right to trial by jury or the presumption of innocence. Indeed we are the only party left that genuinely believes in freedom - freedom for the individual, freedom for businesses and local communities, freedom from patronising 'political-correctness' and from intolerance or injustice. We seek an independent, outward-looking , not the offshore province of a centralised '', whose people are told what to do and what to think.  In 1975, the British people voted for the 'Common Market' in good faith. They were told it was going to be a genuine common market - an association of independent, freely trading nation states. Instead, we have the European Union: centralised, bureaucratic, unaccountable and corrupt, eroding our independence and dictating policies that we would never vote for in an election.  Not only is our currency under threat, but our entire legal system, our British nationality, our right to free speech and freedom of association, our police, our armed forces, our own agricultural policy, our right to trade freely and the parliamentary system that underpins British liberty.  The EU has shown itself to be one of the largest confidence tricks in human history. It claims to 'give us rights' while removing basic freedoms. It 'gives us money' while costing us billions of pounds per year. EU subsidies are like crumbs from the cake we have made. The UKIP rejects the absurd logic of rule from .  The other parties are not telling us the truth about the EU. Despite all experience, the Labour Party still boasts about taking the lead in the EU and helping to shape its future. The Liberal-Democrats claim to believe in individual freedom but would reduce us to powerlessness within the EU. The Greens claim to believe in 'acting locally' but want us to be ruled by the Strasbourg Parliament. The Tories pretend that we can be 'in Europe but not run by '. We say that 'in the EU means ruined by the EU'.  The European Commission in intends that there shall be an EU 'government', an EU 'army' and an EU 'constitution'. This proves to us that it is time to withdraw, rather than go on pretending that we can compromise.  The UKIP will repeal the European Communities Act (1972) that binds into the European Union, and enter into trade agreements with our former 'partners'. Whatever their claims, the leading members of the Tory, Labour and Liberal-Democrat parties all remain committed to continued EU membership. These professional politicians don't want us to run our own country or control our own lives. The UKIP, by contrast, is a moderate, mainstream party which believes in the British people and can offer them a life outside the Euro-state.   The Economy  Free Trade and Globalisation  When leaves the European Union, we shall be able to take full advantage of trading opportunities throughout the world, and not just in . With its external tariff barriers, the EU prevents us from trading freely and fairly on the world stage, particularly in agricultural products. The UK Independence Party supports genuine free trade.  is the world's fourth largest economy and the second largest global investor (after the ). It can hardly be said that we are 'too small to survive alone'. is also head of the Commonwealth - the largest international club except for the UN itself. This international grouping includes a quarter of the world's population. It is a free association of independent nations which share our language, culture and approach to business. This is a far better model for international relations than the centralised, increasingly tyrannical EU.  Through the Commonwealth, has links with some of the world's fastest growing economies, such as those of the Indian subcontinent. Our relationship with the remains unique. These connections equip us to take advantage of global opportunities. EU membership, by contrast, holds us back in the world - it locks us into an over-regulated system based on the principle of 'the state knows best'.  When leaves the EU, we need not fear that our trade with the European Union would cease. On the contrary, since we continually buy more from our European neighbours than we sell to them, it would not be in their interests to reduce their trading links with us. Moreover those who claim that our Japanese and other inward investors would leave should bear in mind that access via to European markets is not the only reason why they are here. Other strong reasons are our language, our business methods, and our flexible labour force. Indeed, the opportunities resulting from a more prosperous EU-free world-trading , will be a magnet to new investment both from outside and within the .  Since our entry to the 'Community' in 1973, the , a global economy, has been unable to negotiate any trade deals with the rest of the world. Freedom from the EU means that can act as a force for good in the world. As a powerful and independent economy, we would be entitled to our seat at the World Trade Organisation and in a position to help shape its policies so that there is more genuine free trade, and less protectionism on behalf of big companies or rich countries.  Outside the EU, we can build strong trading relationships with the rest of the world, including Commonwealth countries and the North American Free Trade Area. It is ironic that the European Commission could negotiate with - or even join - NAFTA. Britain cannot make such decisions because Tory and Labour governments have signed our sovereignty away.  The UKIP is the only party to support free and fair trade for a free country.  Regulatory Reform  In addition to the gains derived from free global trade, another substantial benefit that becomes possible on leaving the EU is the removal of a whole range of damaging and unnecessary regulations.  The guiding principle of the EU, as set out in the treaties, is centralised control. The treaties give the European Commission the task of creating regulations and directives in the areas of health and safety, the environment, employment, and the single market. And while the European Parliament provides a façade of democracy, our own national parliament merely rubber-stamps all the rules before they are passed in UK law, often with extra 'gold-plating' by our own officials. This process has given rise to some 25,000 separate UK regulations since 1973, and few business and activities escape.  There is no point in pretending that we can pick and choose between EU regulations, or that we can 'negotiate' and 'opt out'. Even where we have successfully resisted EU laws, the EU Commission brings them back in another form.  One example of a senseless EU rule is compulsory metrication. The UKIP is not against traders using metric units, but we believe in choice. It cannot be right to make criminals out of people who choose to weigh vegetables in pounds and ounces. As another example, the spread of foot and mouth disease has been made much worse by the large distances that animals now have to travel. This is a direct consequence of the closure of hundreds of small abattoirs because they could not afford the new and evidently ineffective veterinary inspection rules.  The destructive effect that this flood of regulations has on employment is obvious. Regulation inevitably adds costs to business, and most of all it damages the smaller businesses that provide for two-thirds of British jobs. Regulation hurts family firms, the self-employed, co-operatives and ethnic minority businesses. Employment regulations in particular interfere with job creation, especially part-time jobs which offer opportunities to women, the under-25s and older workers. The bureaucratic burden associated with regulation has also become intolerable. According to the Federation of Small Businesses, businesses with 10-14 employees are now spending thirty-one hours per month on paperwork.  In contrast to the small business sector, large corporations are far better able to cope with regulation. Indeed they have the power to lobby the Brussels Commission to frame laws that are favourable to them. This is why many multi-nationals support the euro and want an EU superstate. It suits their interests to divide the world into regional power blocs. National governments and different legal systems are inconveniences they could do without.  The UKIP is not 'against' multi-nationals. On the contrary, we welcome their contribution to the economy. But we seek a trading environment in which small and medium sized businesses are allowed to compete fairly. We are for independence, diversity and choice, not regulation, bureaucracy and conformity.  On withdrawal from the EU, the UK Independence Party will make a 'bonfire' of inappropriate regulations. And recognising the contribution that smaller employers make to the UK economy, we would pay particular attention to scrapping unnecessary rules from businesses employing fewer than 20 people. Freed from excessive rules and red tape, business enterprise will thrive and the UKIP believes this will lead to a marked improvement in employment.  The UKIP accepts that some regulation is necessary in any civilised society, for instance to balance the rights (and responsibilities) of workers and employers. But laws must be respected, easily understood and sympathetically applied, otherwise they invite corruption and dishonesty.  In particular, the UKIP insists that British law must be designed by our own elected representatives at national or local levels, using our own established democratic procedures. We must never again allow the power to make our laws to be placed in the hands of an autocratic machine over which we have no control.  The Independence Dividend  The other major economic benefit from leaving the EU is the substantial 'Independence Dividend' consisting of cash that will be saved when we no longer have to contribute to the EU budget, and savings that will accrue from other sources as a directly result of our independence ^2^. While the main parties spend their time trying to ridicule each other's tax and spending plans, the UK Independence Party will be in the uniquely favourable position of having an extra fund of some £20 billion per year to use as we see fit.  On leaving the EU, Britain's gross contribution to the EU budget of £8.5 billion per year (with the threatened removal of the Fontainebleau rebate and other structural adjustments this will rise to £11 billion per year) will become immediately available to the Treasury. While the agricultural subsidies and structural fund grants (£4.5 billion) that the UK currently _receives from the EU will also cease, the UKIP proposes a partial replacement of these expenditures from the UK's own budget, as detailed below._  In addition to saving our annual £8.5 billion EU payment, there are several other sources of funds to the Independence Dividend that the Treasury will receive on British withdrawal from the EU. The main components of this improvement to the UK budget are as follows. First, higher economic growth resulting from wholesale regulatory reform will bring extra tax revenues (given existing tax rates) and lower demands for benefit payments, which we conservatively estimate to be worth £4.5 billion and £1.5 billion respectively. Secondly, the reduction in the cost of bureaucracy as a result of deregulation across the whole range of government departments and government-funded agencies could raise a further £4 billion. Finally, as a separate substantial item, we estimate that the gain in revenues less subsidies from re-establishing our own fishing industry will be £1.5 billion.  These sources together add a further £11.5 billion to the £8.5 billion saving in our gross contribution to the EU. On these estimates, the total Independence Dividend of extra funds available to the Treasury as a consequence of leaving the EU is of the order of £20 billion per year (£22.5 Billion when rebates cease).  Spending the Independence Dividend  Elsewhere in this manifesto, several additional demands on the national budget are proposed, funded from the Independence Dividend. The main items of expenditure and the approximate amounts are as indicated below.  An amount of £2 billion per year is budgeted for subsidies to agriculture. These will replace funding that is currently received under the Common Agricultural policy (CAP), and provide for the separate initiatives such as the Land Management Contract Scheme and other targeted assistance to agriculture and the countryside. To replace the grants that are currently received under the EU's structural funds, an amount of £1 billion per year is allocated for continuing support to regions of high unemployment.  In the UKIP's welfare provisions, the proposed increase of £5 per week in state pensions will cost £2.8 billion per year, and an amount of £0.5 billion is suggested for increased spending on care for the elderly and £0.3 billion to restore pension levels to ex-pat UK pensioners whose pensions have been frozen since leaving the UK.  The UKIP's main change to taxation is to reduce tax for the lower paid and to remove a further 1 million individuals out of tax altogether, at a cost of £1.4 billion per year. Other items of tax reform, in particular the reintroduction of the married person's tax allowance for families with children under 18, and reform of capital taxes, would absorb a further £1.3 billion.  We propose an increase in the annual NHS budget of £2 billion, and an additional sum of £0.5 billion to raise the income of nursing staff. Increasing the numbers of teachers by 30,000 in order to reduce class sizes and 25,000 more police will cost £1.2 billion and £0.8 billion per year respectively.  The UKIP proposes to reduce the taxation on petrol and diesel fuel by 40p per gallon (9p per litre) which would cost approximately £3.7 billion. Finally an increase of £2.5 billion per year is earmarked for additional spending on defence personnel and defence equipment.  Taken together, these additional expenditures amount to £20 billion per year, equal to the amount available from the Independence Dividend.  Taxation  Excessive taxation - of individuals and businesses - stifles initiative, reduces employment and encourages dishonesty. It also makes Britain less competitive in the global marketplace. Tax policy should be framed to encourage investment, to enhance our global competitiveness, and to create rather than remove incentives to work and save.  The UKIP believes that these criteria call for a wholesale reappraisal of British tax arrangements over the longer term. However, one area in which immediate relief can be granted is tax for the lower paid, making employment more attractive. The UKIP will raise the starting threshold for income tax with the object of removing a further 1 million lower paid individuals altogether from tax, with suitable adjustments so as to leave higher rate taxpayers unaffected. The UKIP will also immediately consider the reform of capital gains tax and inheritance tax, and will remove the main family residence from inheritance tax and introduce further IHT exemptions.  In addition to tax reduction, the UKIP believes there is much to be gained by simplification of our system of taxation, an issue that successive UK governments have only made worse, an example being the new system of tax credits. The complexity of our taxes is completely out of hand, and it causes assessment to be an excessive burden both to the revenue authorities and to taxpayers and their professional advisers, besides leading to errors. In consultation with business and with the Accountancy and Taxation Institutes, the UKIP would aim for a taxation system that is fair and reasonable with simple, concise and clear objectives. In particular we should aim for taxes that are easy to calculate and collect without resort to the courts. The Tax Faculty of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales describes the problem in frank terms^3^ – "Britain's tax system has spun out of democratic control and become detached from the principles of good revenue raising."  The UKIP would pay immediate attention to simplifying or scrapping the self-assessment system, and to the procedures involved in calculating value added tax (VAT). We also note that VAT is an EU tax - our membership of the EU obliges us to use the VAT system. Outside the EU, the UKIP would be in a position to consider the merits of replacing VAT by a tax applied to retail sales.  Above all, freedom from the EU would forever remove the threat of 'tax harmonisation'. The European Commission remains insistent on this measure as part of its obsession with promoting its own notion of 'competitiveness'. For the UK, tax harmonisation would imply that our tax rates rise to the generally higher levels prevailing in other EU countries. There has, for instance, been no relaxation in the EU's continued pressure for the UK to apply VAT to basic food, childrens' clothing, books, transport and other items that are currently 'zero-rated'.  Average unemployment in the rest of the EU remains around twice as high as in the UK, despite the recent economic growth in euro-zone countries. The UKIP associates this difference with the UK's lower taxes, lighter regulation and general approach to business, all of which are being eroded by our continuing participation in the European Union.  The setting of tax rates is one of the most fundamental duties of our elected government. The UKIP is the only party that can promise that this responsibility is not progressively handed to Brussels.  The Single Currency and Monetary Policy  On leaving the EU, Britain will no longer have to live under the uncertainty of whether or not we shall join the euro, and our public institutions can stop spending our money on preparing for the euro. Britain will keep the pound - forever - not just for the next parliament or until some UK government declares that the 'time is right' to join.  At best, the euro would provide Britain with no more than trivial economic gains, while the downside risks are very serious. The one-size-fits-all interest rate that Britain would adopt as part of the euro-zone would make boom-and-bust cycles worse, as the Irish economy is now demonstrating. And as our EU neighbours keep telling us, the main motivation for the euro is not economic gain anyway; its purpose is to further the cause of 'ever closer union' with the main levers of economic policy handed to EU institutions. As with taxation policy, it is hard to accept that any British government could even contemplate surrendering this essential responsibility.  With the £-sterling firmly retained as Britain's currency, the UKIP would continue the present arrangement in which the Bank of England has 'independence' in its choice of interest rates. Since 1997, the Bank has demonstrated its ability to control £-sterling inflation, and has established a better record in this respect than the euro-zone's European Central Bank. While the Bank must remain accountable to the government, the UKIP believes that low and steady inflation provides the best monetary environment for business and employment to thrive.   Health, Social Security and Pensions  The National Health Service  Britain, which has the world's fourth largest economy, deserves a first class National Health Service. In many respects our NHS works well in providing excellent care at a lower cost compared with systems in other countries, thanks to the doctors, nurses and other health professionals who work immensely hard to maintain standards. But problems arise because of management methods that are too centralised, cumbersome and bureaucratic. Moreover the system requires additional - but properly managed - financial support, to bring a genuine reduction in waiting lists, and to provide for an ageing population and the development of new drugs and treatments.  The UKIP believes that hospitals should reintroduce proven, traditional management structures. Under present arrangements, responsibility has become fragmented, with different individuals responsible for the various aspects of care. Conflicts arise because of the differing objectives of administrators and those responsible for treatment. The UKIP favours a return to the 'matron' system where a single manager is responsible for all 'hotel services' and 'caring' functions. This change will go a long way towards addressing the current problems of hospital infection and clinical malpractice.  Nursing must be seen as a rewarding career with good pay and prospects. Salaries must be increased to attract high calibre nurses - and, crucially, to retain them in the Health Service, in particular by extending salary scales to reward proficiency and experience. With regard to training, we believe that the pursuit of increasingly academic qualifications for hospital workers should be reconsidered, with more emphasis placed on practical competence. Freedom from the EU will allow more scope to make up the current shortfall in NHS staff levels by recruiting suitable applicants from other countries.  Links between NHS Trusts and their local communities are crucial to first class health care. Governing bodies should be more accountable to the communities they serve. Effective reform depends on peeling away the layers of bureaucracy that obstruct the NHS and impede the delivery of patient care. Patients should be treated as individuals, not mere statistics, and should be given as much consideration and choice as possible. We believe that money should be spent on treating patients, not on management consultants, and politically-correct excesses. It is a disgrace that part of the NHS budget is being spent on 'preparation' for the euro. The UKIP has no ideological bias against the private sector, which we regard as an essential part of the nation's health provision.  The UKIP shares the widespread public alarm about the impersonal and bureaucratic nature of social service provision. This can lead to a patronising, dictatorial approach to communities, and at worst to acts of tragic incompetence and injustice. Britain has many first-class social workers, but the system they work in takes responsibility away from local communities and takes little account of individual needs. The UKIP is determined to review social service provision so that it is more accountable and less doctrinaire. Training and working practices for social workers will be reviewed so that there is less emphasis on 'political correctness', and more emphasis on solving practical problems for individuals and communities.  In other words, the UKIP supports a return to the original principles of the NHS: a health care system that serves local communities and responds to people's needs. We want a health service with decentralised management and a minimum of red-tape, and a health service that enables doctors, nurses and other health workers to re-establish the respect they deserve. The UKIP promotes the ethos of public service, and deplores its erosion by successive Tory and Labour governments.  Social Security  Welfare provision is an area in pressing need of reform, not just because it absorbs over £100 billion per year or 35% of the national budget, but also because benefit payments provide disincentives to work, self-provision, and help within the family and community. But the reform of welfare policy is politically difficult because a large proportion of the population receives payments, and because an increasing amount of our social law is being forced to follow EU norms.  Not surprisingly, the efforts of successive governments to tackle these problems have been disappointing. Too often, changes have been to minor details such as the conditions applied in means testing, rather than any fundamental aspects of the system. And this continuous revision of the rules has had the adverse effect of adding even more complexity to an already complex system. This has had a number of unfortunate consequences. First, there has been an increase in the numbers of people who do not claim their entitlements because they are unable to complete the necessary forms, or are unwilling to answer all the demeaning questions. Secondly, each new complication adds to the administrative cost which is already over £3 billion. Finally, the more complex the system, the easier it is for benefit cheats to find ways of avoiding detection, and the more tiresome it is for officials to attempt to check up on them.  A further unfortunate result of expanding state provision and other government policies has been to undermine the family as the basic stable unit of society. The family, preferably with two committed parents, is the best environment for raising secure and confident children. In this connection, the UKIP will restore tax advantages to married couples with children under the age of eighteen. We shall also review current legal practices that seem to favour divorce and allow parents to escape financial and moral responsibility for their children.  While the benefit system clearly merits wholesale reform, the UKIP's first priority will be simplification. Our objective will be to make the rules as transparent as possible in order to cut down on administration, to make claiming easier for those who are genuinely entitled to payments, and to reduce the opportunities for fraud. The general objective of other reforms will be to free as many as possible from benefit culture by ensuring that the net income gained from working, either part-time or full-time, is always greater than the benefits foregone. Benefits should also be more easily transferable from one authority to another in order to facilitate labour mobility.  One particular option that we intend to consider is the replacement of benefit payments in certain cases by a basic income which would not be withdrawn if the individual takes on part-time employment. We envisage that unemployed workers with more then twenty years work experience, and single mothers with school age children may be among those who would qualify for such assistance. In particular this should be considered for 'post-industrial' areas, where mature skilled workers cannot find employment. Advantages of a basic income are that it is straightforward to administer and not so open to fraud.  The main aim of the UKIP's benefit policy will be to reduce the numbers of those who need it, and to restore people to independence from benefits and to the dignity that comes with it.  Pensions and the Elderly  The UK Independence Party believes that pensioners deserve a share of the Independence Dividend of cash that will flow from Britain's withdrawal from the European Union and we propose to raise the universal state pension by £5 per week. In addition, we recognise the hardship that some elderly people are enduring as a result of a shortage of funds for residential care, and we respect those who wish to remain living in their homes but cannot afford the necessary care. We have therefore allocated a sum of £0.5 billion to assist in these two areas. We will additionally restore the full UK pension to expatriate pensioners whose pensions have been frozen since their departure from the UK at a cost of £0.3 billion.  There is however another issue that the UKIP wishes to address. As the UK population ages, the cost to the exchequer of state pensions is rising, and it is expected to rise considerably after 2010. The UKIP is prepared to face the fact that the current pay-as-you-go system for state pension provision will become difficult to sustain in the long run.  The UKIP will therefore investigate a system in which individuals are required to divert part of their National Insurance contributions into their own private pension funds, and these would replace the state pension on their retirement. As time passes the demand for state pensions would thus gradually diminish, and eventually the state would provide only for those who were unable to provide sufficiently for themselves. The great advantage of private pensions is that they restore the connection between contributions and the eventual payout, and the rate of return to contributions reflects the returns available in financial markets: it cannot be reduced by the government's appropriation of some of the funds. The government's windfall receipts from the sale of airwave licences would be a useful source of funds to make up the initial shortfall in National Insurance revenue. Existing pensioners would be unaffected by this scheme.  Many people in Britain are already members of private occupational pension schemes, or have taken out personal pension policies. This has partly been a response to tax incentives which the present government has largely withdrawn, but the UKIP would restore. This has placed Britain in a far better position than several other EU countries. There is little private pension provision in Germany and Italy, for instance, and so the pension 'overhang' in these countries is much greater than in the UK. It is widely acknowledged that these unfunded pension liabilities will become a serious burden, and this is a concern for Britain as a member of the EU because of the likelihood that we shall be obliged to assist through the EU budget.   Education  Schools  An independent Britain requires a qualified, well-trained population with the skills and knowledge needed to compete in the world. But education has wider purposes, too: the pursuit of knowledge for its own sake, the transmission of cultural values, and the creation of good citizens with the inquiring minds required for a free society. The UK Independence Party seeks to remove obstacles to learning, to give real opportunities to every pupil and promote excellence rather than mediocrity. That means a return to more traditional methods of teaching the basic skills of reading, writing and arithmetic. It also means shifting the balance of power from educational bureaucrats towards school governors, head teachers, teachers themselves and parents.  In promoting freedom of choice, the UK Independence Party will allow state schools to select for academic ability or potential and to stream pupils, as long as they take into account social needs and give opportunities to children from less advantaged backgrounds. We believe in top quality education for all, regardless of background, race or income, and would work towards reducing class sizes, especially at junior level, where the foundations of learning should be laid. Our target is less than twenty-five pupils per class. Part of the Independence Dividend of funds released as a result of Britain's departure from the EU will be converted into an Education Dividend to pay for more teachers.  We also recognise that some children do better at single-sex schools, some parents prefer religious schools and that 'non-academic' children deserve as rewarding an education as their peers. And we envisage more specialist schools, which focus on (for example) music, sport, or technology. The UKIP will raise the status of technical education to that of academic schooling, and allow early specialisation in practical subjects. There are many people from industry, the Armed Forces and the professions with knowledge, skill and insight, who could make valuable contributions to this programme.  We do not rule out radical schemes, such as vouchers for parents to send their children to private schools, or schools outside their localities, where these meet their needs better. More generally, The UKIP seeks to break down the 'wall' between private and state schools, for we value the role of both in educating our children.  The UKIP aims for an education policy that reflects the concerns of parents, many teachers and pupils themselves, not self-proclaimed educational 'experts'. We shall therefore address such problems as boys' under-achievement (and the social problems this causes), the shortage of male teachers to act as role models, lax discipline, and the continuing under-achievement of many ethnic minority children. We note that some parents send their children to Commonwealth countries to receive a traditional 'British' education. This is a terrible indictment of our system. All British children should have the opportunity of a decent education. The UKIP will ensure that the days of levelling-down are over.  A further concern is politically slanted teaching, especially in History, English and 'Personal and Social Education'. A major cause of this problem is dogma-driven teacher training that also promotes flawed 'child-centred' and 'progressive' teaching methods. Teacher training will be restructured, with less emphasis on abstract educational theory, and more on tried and tested teaching methods. Another cause of bias is the insidious EU programme to brainwash our children, so that they grow up believing uncritically in the 'European ideal'. Brussels makes no secret of its desire to control education, and EU propaganda in schools has greatly increased. Unlike the other parties, we can promise that this will never happen in British schools.  The UKIP believes in genuine citizenship education including an understanding of British history. This includes learning to think, criticise and argue as well as obey the law. Citizenship is not about promoting fashionable 'isms' or lifestyles, but about independence of mind, responsible behaviour and 'life skills' such as managing money, understanding road safety and practical care for the environment. Many schools already do an excellent job in this respect.  Finally, the UKIP will stop the sale of playing fields. We regard sporting activity as an essential part of good schooling. The long-term educational and social benefit of sport in schools should not be sacrificed for short-term profit. We deplore the decline of competitive sports and other outdoor activities in schools, and will take appropriate measures to reverse this trend.  With more choice and responsibility returned to governors, teachers and parents, the UKIP is confident that motivation and classroom discipline will improve, educational standards will rise, and teachers will regain the respect that their profession deserves.  Higher and Further Education  The above principles apply, by and large, to higher education. Investment in higher education is essential to the health of the economy, not only in the creation of a well-trained workforce equipped with modern skills, but also in promoting study for its own sake, based on objective inquiry and freedom of thought.  But as with schools, there has been an increase in centralised bureaucratic interference in the running of our colleges and universities. As in so many spheres, the government has become more involved in inspection, by means of centralised teaching quality assessments and the introduction of crass new management structures. The UKIP believes that these measures are counterproductive. Decisions about teaching methods, course structures and quality should as far as possible be left to the institutions concerned. The best way to ensure standards is to leave institutions free to compete in offering courses that students and employers find valuable.  The UKIP also believes that advanced education in all its forms should be widely available. In this regard we recognise that many mature men and women want to learn new skills in order to increase their employment options. We therefore support a further education system that responds to a range of needs and offers a wide variety of courses and opportunities. We shall promote community colleges and, as with schools, we shall raise the status of technical education to that of academic study.  With regard to financing, we support those universities that seek additional financing from sources other than government, and shall explore various mechanisms for independent funding, such as transferable loans which students repay directly to the academic institutions of their choice. The UKIP will also encourage the setting up of private universities and colleges, with generous provision for scholarships for bright students from less advantaged backgrounds.  The UKIP is alarmed that several hundred university positions in Britain are funded or supported by the EU, with the provision that the individuals engage themselves in teaching or research into European integration. This will cease when Britain leaves the EU. Another advantage of leaving the EU will be that it ends the discriminatory practice in which a student from the EU pays much lower fees than one from the Commonwealth and other non-EU countries. Students from all overseas countries play a valuable role in fostering friendship and promoting international co-operation.  Higher education in all its forms must remain available to all, regardless of background and income. And the UKIP believes that the way to maintain standards and do justice to students is to leave the various universities and colleges free to offer courses that offer the best value, measured in terms of future job prospects and the advancement of knowledge.   Transport and The Environment  Transport  Propagandists for the EU present it as 'environmentally friendly'. They would have us believe that without help from Brussels we cannot address environmental problems or provide good public transport. In reality, the EU is part of the problem. It aims to impose a system of central planning where 'one size fits all' - but in reality no one is satisfied. Some of the most controversial aspects of rail privatisation, such as the creation of Railtrack as a private monopoly, were introduced to comply with EU rules - yet in many EU countries the railways are still owned by the state. EU membership drains away money that could be used to create better roads and railways. Independence will enable us to address the UK's unique transport problems instead of following irrelevant directives.  In rural areas especially, we must assume that the car will continue to be the main form of private transport, for reasons of efficiency and convenience. We are not in favour of laws and taxes which penalise the motorist - they are both ineffective and highly illiberal. There is no point in telling motorists to 'get out of their cars' when public transport is unavailable or unsafe. The UKIP supports an integrated transport system with easy transitions between car, bus or train, and in which cycling and walking are also encouraged. In improving our public transport, we can learn lessons from other countries, including the Netherlands, and Switzerland - which despite its mountainous terrain has the best transport infrastructure in Europe.  In general, the UKIP favours free market solutions in transport. However unlike the Conservative Party we do not see privatisation as an article of faith, and we oppose the partial sell-off of the London Underground. We address transport policy on a case-by-case basis, taking local conditions into account. For example, the UKIP will work with the Countryside Alliance and other rural forums to tackle the problems of rural transport - in particular for children, the elderly and people on low incomes.  The UKIP is persuaded by calls from the Federation of Small Business to reduce fuel tax, and a part of the Independence Dividend of funds released to the Treasury when Britain leaves the EU is earmarked for this purpose. High fuel taxes do not protect the environment but do threaten Britain's global competitiveness. They destroy jobs, ruin businesses and add to the difficulties of British farming. The haulage industry, rural economies and the poor are worst affected by these high taxes. Independence will mean that we could reduce our own fuel tax rates at will without having to justify this to the EU - as the Norwegian Parliament did in September 2000. The UKIP rejects the 'Climate Change Levy' as another stealth tax on business.  The UKIP supports adequate funding for bypasses, upgrading major routes, road and railway maintenance and the provision of cycle lanes. The private car Road Fund Licence (RFL) will be structured to encourage the use of the least polluting vehicles, although some historic vehicles may be exempt.  The Environment  Environmental policy is about empowerment - of local communities, businesses and individual citizens. The EU stands for the opposite: centralisation, crippling regulation, edicts by unaccountable officialdom. Recent history has shown us that centralisation has failed. The planned economies of Eastern Europe and the Soviet Union were amongst the most polluted societies on Earth. The original ecology movement believed strongly in local control. Today's 'greens' support regulation on a grand scale. Often they seem to dislike people more than they love the planet. We would like to return to the environmental movement's founding principles: respect for diversity, accessible and transparent political institutions, local accountability and human responsibility for natural resources.  The UK Independence Party supports a balance between the needs of economic growth and environmental concern. Small and medium-sized businesses have a crucial role to play in environmental policy; because they serve local communities, it is in their interests to promote a healthy environment. The EU policy of imposing cumbersome directives and issuing contestant threats has proved to be counter-productive. Like excessive taxation, this encourages illegal behaviour rather than public service. The UKIP believes that free-market solutions to environmental problems work better than state control. Yet the market must operate against a background of pragmatic and fair regulation.  As the party of decentralisation, the UKIP believes that the enforcement structure for environmental regulations should be greatly simplified. Wherever possible, enforcement will be returned to local authorities, acting under the general direction and support of central agencies which answer to Parliament. The UKIP sees a link between sound environmental management and a return to democratic accountability at all levels.  Accordingly, UKIP policy is to encourage the development of well-equipped environmental monitoring teams answerable to local authorities. A primary function of these teams will be to detect and where possible prevent adverse health effects attributable to environmental pollution. In this context, The UKIP is concerned by the alarming rise in conditions such as asthma, the emergence of significant levels of childhood leukaemia and the number of unexplained clusters of previously rare cancers. We shall promote studies to determine the causes. There will be full local involvement in such studies to prevent cover-ups by central government.  The UKIP takes a free market approach to new housing and industrial growth. Nonetheless, we are concerned about the concentration of development in the South East of England. This problem will be partially relieved by a modern, efficient communications network and transport system that will make other areas more attractive to investors. Those regions such as the South-West and North-East that currently receive EU structural funds will have this support continued from the national budget, to the extent deemed appropriate by our elected government, when Britain leaves the EU.  The UKIP takes note of public opposition to Genetically Modified Organisms (GMOs) and the failure of government to respond adequately to those concerns. This is because the British government has become subservient to the Biotech corporations and EU bureaucrats who support them. The UKIP will protect absolutely the consumer and organic farmer from genetically modified products and will enforce the clearest possible labelling giving consumers the choice of food constituents and their source. It is wrong that important issues like these are decided by the unelected European Commission. As another example, The Commission is planning a massive increase in the testing of chemicals on animals, a situation which has been condemned as unnecessary by scientists and the chemicals industry. However, the British Parliament will have no say in this decision. Only outside the EU will a free Britain be able to decide its own policy on these important issues.  Finally, turning to carbon dioxide emissions, whilst their effects on global warming remain unclear, the continuing use of fossil fuels undoubtedly impairs the long-term quality of life on our planet. We will therefore encourage and support private initiatives in developing energy production from renewable sources - biofuels, wave, wind, solar and hydrogen technologies, with the objective being that these sources should eventually provide for a substantial percentage of our energy consumption.   Home Affairs  The Judicial System  The British judicial system is under attack. The government has signalled its intention to restrict trial by jury. Our magistrate's courts are having severe difficulties coping with a rising workload and a large volume of new regulation. But these are minor issues compared with the threat to our legal system from the European Union and its determination to introduce a unified system for the whole EU.  The EU's proposed 'Corpus Juris' legal system is based on to the Napoleonic legal code that prevails in much of continental Europe, and it is very different from British tradition. Its main provisions are the establishment of a European public prosecutor, no presumption of innocence until proved guilty, and no right of habeus corpus: this means that prisoners can be held for long periods without charges being brought. In Britain it would complete the ending of trial by jury.  To complement this change, the Orwellian-sounding Europol police force has already been set up. Based in The Hague, this shadowy organisation began life with the ostensible objective of combating drugs and organised crime. Its remit has now been extended to cover political subversion - as defined by the European Commission. From next year, these Euro-police will be allowed to operate in member states at the request of the European public prosecutor, and national governments will be unable to help their own citizens. Unlike national police forces, the Europol will have diplomatic immunity - they cannot be sued by members of the public for false arrest, brutality or damage to property.  Corpus Juris and Europol are indicators of the EU's totalitarian direction. They illustrate the growing impotence of national governments against the monolithic Euro-state. For those who value freedom, they underline the need for withdrawal.  Human Rights  In modern Europe, Britain effectively invented human rights. Freedom of speech, association and religious belief, free trade unions, parliamentary reform and respect for property rights were all pioneered in Britain. We have for centuries provided safe haven for those fleeing religious, political or racial persecution, a proud tradition that has enriched our economy and society.  After World War II, British politicians worked strenuously for international guarantees of freedom and justice for all. In 1951, Britain was amongst the first signatories to the European Convention of Human Rights and was a founder member of the Council of Europe and the European Court of Human Rights. The UK Independence Party supports the principles of that Convention, because they are based on individual freedom rather than state control. But the Convention should be regarded as a series of guidelines, rather than as a binding legal code to be enforced without regard for differing national circumstances. The original aim of the Convention was to provide a flexible framework - in contrast to EU law, which is dictatorial, insensitive and dogmatic.  The UKIP supports the inclusion of the Convention of Human Rights into British domestic law. But the Human Rights Act (1999) that was supposed to achieve this is too rigid and so, ironically, it is against the spirit of the Convention. Instead of creating a culture of freedom and responsibility, it has become a pretext for politically correct interest groups to impose their will on government, society, and those they falsely claim to represent. The UKIP would therefore repeal the Human Rights Act and re-enact it to ensure that it is applied in a manner compatible with British custom and common law.  The EU's Charter of Fundamental Human Rights, that Britain has just signed, is a document of a fundamentally different kind, and it resembles more closely the constitution of the old Soviet Union.  Its aim, we are told, is to 'give Europe a soul' or prove that the EU is more than purely an economic machine. But the human rights under the Charter can be defined by the state and they take precedence over individual freedom. Freedom of speech and publication, freedom of religious organisations and freedom of private association are all at risk.  Taken to its logical conclusion, the EU's 'anti-discrimination' policy as reflected in the Charter means that a Christian school could be forced to employ atheist teachers, or a Muslim organisation to appoint Christian managers. The perverse effect of this will be to emphasise differences between sections of society and give power to self-appointed activists. The European Union favours divisive 'group' rights over individual freedom. In this connection, we note that most countries in the EU are in practice much less tolerant of racial or religious minorities than Britain. Only outside the EU will Britain be a truly inclusive society.  Although our government has insisted that the Charter is merely a consultative document, in reality it will be used as the basis for judgements by the European Court of Justice and it is the precursor to an EU Constitution. The UKIP regards this as a gross and unacceptable assault on our liberty, to which British people will never submit.  The UKIP - like the British people - believes that the state exists to protect freedom. This is quite different from the model favoured by the EU, in which rights are granted by the state and so the state can take them away. Withdrawal from the EU has become essential, as the only way to protect our common law rights and uphold our freedoms.  The UKIP sees connections between rising crime - against both people and property - and economic imbalance, family breakdown, poverty in the midst of plenty and the lack of education in responsible citizenship. We believe in addressing all these issues because job opportunities and social inclusion are the best ways to reduce anti-social behaviour. We also believe that education plays a crucial role in socialising young people. This is why we aim for an education system that meets the needs of all pupils, gives them good role models and sets an example of social responsibility.  At the same time, the UKIP regards the protection of citizens from crime as one of the principal duties of government. Crime is socially unjust - most of the victims are not the rich, but the less well off. A disproportionate number belong to ethnic minorities. The UKIP supports deterrent sentences, but we do not see the solution simply in terms of building more prisons and locking more people up. Not all custodial sentences have to involve prison. It has been shown that strong rehabilitative regimes, which involve vocational or outdoor skills, and reparations to victims, have more success in preventing young offenders in particular from re-offending. The UKIP also supports non-custodial sentences where possible, especially for 'victimless' crimes and non-violent offences. Too many are sent to jail for non-violent crimes better dealt with within the community, and too many young men are sent to adult prisons, where their needs cannot be met.  For some heinous offences, we reinforce that 'life means life'. Prisoners should not be offered early release if they still pose a danger to others - such leniency brings the law into disrepute, as evidenced by 'anti-paedophile' protests, for instance. The UKIP opposes legislation which, in certain types of offence, gives anonymity to the accuser but not the accused. This procedure contravenes natural justice, as does the rule that prisoners have to admit their guilt to be considered for parole.  The UKIP values the police both for their crime-fighting tasks and for their wider role in holding communities together. Unlike the police in many EU countries, ours are primarily public servants, and they deserve our respect for the service they provide. However we believe that this ethos of service has become tarnished in recent years by too much bureaucratic procedure, political correctness, and centralised control. Police services should be answerable to and reflect the interests of the communities they serve, and the UKIP believes that a system of County Constabularies is the best framework. We are opposed to proposals for a national Police force.  The UKIP is resolutely opposed to racism wherever it occurs. However, some of the rhetorical gestures of 'anti-racism' and 'diversity training', supposedly designed to address alleged racism in the police forces, have proved to be less than productive. A better approach is to put more police on the beat, especially in areas of high crime and social deprivation, and we support the Police Federation's call for a Royal Commission on the role and resourcing of the Police force. Part of the Independence Dividend of funds that become available on Britain's departure from the EU will be used to recruit more full-time and special constables, with the aim of reconnecting police with local communities. This will enable 'high visibility policing' with an emphasis on criminals, not motorists.  The UK Independence Party includes British people from all backgrounds and origins who are concerned about the future of their country and do not wish to be ruled by Brussels. This reflects our belief in individual freedom and equality under the rule of law. Over the centuries, those who have made Britain their home have enriched our society, our economy and our culture. But as with all prosperous countries, Britain will always be attractive to immigrants, and numbers therefore have to be limited. The attitude of the UKIP is to apply Britain's immigration rules firmly but humanely.  Unlike other parties, the UKIP believes that immigration policy should be the sole responsibility of the British government and Parliament. Withdrawal from the EU means that there will be no further moves towards a 'pan-European' immigration policy. That means, in turn, that we could accept skilled immigrants, many of them from countries with closer historical ties to Britain than the EU. The experiences of Canada and Australia have shown the benefits of admitting immigrants on the basis of skill and experience, not national or ethnic origin.  This does not mean, of course, that we advocate 'relying' on immigration to make up skill shortages. The UKIP is strongly committed to educating, training and promoting a skilled workforce of British people from all sections of British society, as is set out in our education policy.  The UKIP will also redress the injustice that EU 'nationals' can bring their families to Britain automatically, whilst Commonwealth immigrants have to wait years to unify theirs. The UKIP supports an inclusive concept of British nationality, with common citizenship and shared values.  Asylum  The UKIP insists that the processing of asylum applications must be speeded up. We approve of the current arrangement in which asylum seekers are detained in reception centres whilst their cases are considered. However asylum applicants must be closely monitored during the application process. The current system, which affords the opportunity to 'disappear' makes a mockery of the law and helps to make Britain a popular destination. This opportunity is probably the biggest single cause of the current scale of Britain's problems with asylum seekers. It also creates new social problems in which illegal workers are vulnerable to exploitation and compete unfairly with our own least well off citizens.  Britons of all origins favour a firm but fair asylum policy. The failure to process asylum applications rigorously is profoundly illiberal, and it fuels racial conflict.  Lax enforcement of policies is unjust to genuine refugees and to the wider public. It rewards criminality and punishes law-abiding behaviour. Rigorous but just asylum laws are essential to preserve a free and tolerant society, and an atmosphere of trust.  Freedom from the EU will allow us to give precedence to those refugees who have come to Britain as a first port of call, rather than first claiming asylum in another EU country, such as France or Italy. The 1951 Convention on the Status of Refugees is seriously outdated; outside the EU, an independent Britain could press for its reform.   Agriculture & Fisheries  A Special Case  The UK Independence Party believes that the unprecedented crisis in agriculture is largely due to the inherent failures of the Common Agricultural Policy (CAP). Indeed, the CAP even limits our own government's ability to provide financial relief to farmers who are currently suffering such severe distress. But despite repeated promises by successive UK governments, there will never be any meaningful reform of the CAP because it serves the interests of other EU nations. When Britain leaves the EU, we shall at last be free from the CAP and able to choose our own policies, with the aim of restoring agriculture as a vibrant and diverse sector of the economy.  Although the UKIP is committed to free-market principles, we recognise that agriculture is a special case. Our agricultural industry cannot prosper without subsidy, nor can it survive if it is exposed to unrestricted global competition. The control of agricultural imports is also desirable as a health measure. Questions about our open attitude to imports are naturally being raised as a result of the devastating outbreak of foot and mouth disease. But, again, the proper implementation of appropriate measures will only be possible once Britain is free from the EU.  Special treatment is also required for the countryside. The British countryside is not just a machine for producing food and other essentials. It is not even an 'industry'. It is part of our national heritage to be enjoyed by all and its preservation requires national support.  But before any longer-term strategies are developed, an immediate injection of financial support is required, specifically targeted on areas of most need, to halt the drift from the land, farming bankruptcies, and the growing level of hardship in rural areas.  Land management contracts  In addition to accommodating the needs of the countryside, and those who work in it, any payment scheme to farmers has to change the fundamental basis of agricultural support. The farmer must not be seen as the beneficiary of 'handouts' but must become a valued contractor providing services which the taxpayer wants and is prepared to pay for. To meet this requirement, the UKIP proposes a voluntary scheme which we have called the Land Management Contract Scheme (LMCS).  The basis of this scheme is that individual farmers would be invited to draw up specific contracts in respect of their farms, in which the style of land use and management would be agreed. This would include such parameters as crops grown, methods of cultivation, employment levels, animal stocking density and types of husbandry, pesticide and herbicide usage, public access, wildlife conservation and similar factors.  Support would be calculated on the basis of the notional income which would be generated by a highly intensive farm - where production efficiency was the only criterion. Payments would reimburse farmers for notional losses arising from compliance with contract conditions.  By this means, socially and environmentally desirable practices - including forestry - would be rewarded, without farmers suffering a loss of income.  Despite such provisions, there will be farms in remote or 'less favoured' areas (such as hill farms) which will not be competitive or provide an adequate living. In these circumstances, where there is a social benefit in maintaining agricultural activity - such as the maintenance of rural employment, landscape maintenance, wildlife conservation, etc. - additional support should be provided. The UKIP would favour channelling this additional support through an extension of the LMCS, thus encouraging farmers to deliver specific services in exchange for the payments made.  The UKIP would like to see more farmers converting to the organic system of agriculture. We are also concerned at the inability of UK producers to satisfy the growing demand for organic produce - and our increasing reliance on imported produce, much of which could readily be grown in this country. Support provisions will be accommodated in our LMCS.  Similarly, there should be recognition for farmers developing and converting to 'welfare friendly' methods of animal husbandry. Freedom from the EU will mean that Britain can maintain and improve upon its standards of animal welfare, without being dragged down to a 'European' mean. We oppose EU plans to 'harmonise' animal welfare legislation and so relax restrictions on cosmetic testing, guidelines on medical or scientific testing (vivisection) and the long-distance live transport of animals. The UKIP regards such indifference to animal cruelty as evidence of the inhuman and authoritarian nature of the EU project.  The UKIP believes that young people with suitable qualifications should be given special assistance to equip their own farms, through the medium of 'soft' loans. Landlords should be afforded tax breaks to let farms to suitable young applicants. We would also like to see a special hardship fund set up to buy out elderly farmers so that farms can be released onto the market intact, and thus made available to young farmers.  Text of full Agricultural Policy  Marketing and Rural Development  The UKIP supports the development of farmers' markets, with buildings and public car parking provided by local authorities. There should also be special support for farming co-operatives. To ensure fair competition between farmer's retail enterprises, small shops and supermarkets, we believe that local taxation should be equalised, with uniform business rate levied on shelf space used for sales, rather than on trading area.  The UKIP will support new retail development if there are benefits to town centre renewal. However, we favour a more liberal approach to planning and regulation of farming enterprises. Farms should be free from unnecessary restrictions which limit diversification. They should be allowed to set up farm shops selling a wide range of goods instead of being limited to what is produced on the farm. We would also like to see farmers permitted to diversify more easily into non-agricultural enterprises, where their environmental impact is minimal or well-contained.  The UKIP deplores the attack on country sports by illiberal politicians and pressure groups, and will uphold the traditional liberties of country people whilst treating this as a matter of personal conscience. We support access to the countryside for walkers and the preservation of traditional rights of way. However we believe that an unrestricted 'right to roam' is ecologically damaging and imposes intolerable stresses on small farmers, especially in less favoured areas. Accordingly, we shall amend the Countryside and Rights of Way Act to take account of local conditions.  Freedom from the dead hand of the EU will not solve the whole of agriculture's problems. It is the start of a wider cultural change, in which rural policy is brought from the fringes to the centre of government. To enable this process to take place, the current Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Fisheries should be replaced by a Department of Agriculture and Rural Affairs, which would act as a champion for rural communities.  Fisheries  Whilst Britain remains in the EU, it remains entrenched in the Common Fisheries Policy (CFP). The CFP promotes the immoral waste of our fishery resources and forces fishermen to throw back, dead, more fish than are landed for consumption. As such the CFP represents the most illogical, grotesque and wasteful use of one of Britain's most valuable natural resources. It sums up, as a single policy, most facets of what is wrong with the EU and the centralised, remote form of administration that it seeks to impose in all areas of our national life.  The EU seeks even more control over British fishing grounds, depriving our fishing communities still further of this unique resource. And it proposes absolute central control which will reduce Britain's quotas still further, whilst allowing other EU members a greater share of our fishing grounds.  Only by withdrawal from the EU can our fishing grounds be protected and the stocks effectively managed. Fishing stocks, particularly North Sea cod, are on the point of permanent extinction. The UKIP proposes 'fishing-free' zones to allow sustainable stocks to recover, and the prohibition of certain fishing methods that are environmentally damaging and unsustainable. We will draw upon the experience and success of Norway in its management of its fishing grounds. A sustainable fisheries policy will be developed in close co-operation with our fishing communities and fisheries experts, with the primary basis being one of exclusive fishing rights allowed to the British industry (up to 200 miles) under International Law. Access by EU members and other countries will be granted by bilateral agreement.   Defence and Foreign Affairs  The UK Independence Party supports a strong, effective defence policy for a free and independent nation. This means ensuring that our Armed Forces are properly funded and adequately equipped. Successive UK governments have allowed defence spending to be repeatedly cut, with damaging effects on morale and the predictable result that the ability of our forces to fulfil even their limited current commitments is severely compromised. It is UKIP policy that a portion of the funds that become available on leaving the EU will be used to regenerate all three arms of Britain's defence forces, both in terms of personnel and equipment.  Withdrawal from the EU will mean that our defence procurement policy is no longer dictated by a commitment to EU integration. This will free us from the closed, inefficient system that gave us the Tornado (the F3 version of which had to be excluded from front line combat zones in the Gulf War), the Merlin (at £100M per airframe the most expensive helicopter on record) and the Eurofighter (£60M per airframe), which is five years late and three generations behind technology leaders. Freed from these EU projects, we shall be able to purchase equivalent technology from the US at far lower cost, or buy into hi-tech US enterprises which would greatly enhance our military capability.  On leaving the EU we shall also withdraw from the 'Rapid Reaction Force'. This is, as Commission President Prodi has made clear, an embryonic European Army for a European superstate, under the command of Brussels. As such it will not 'defend' us but threaten our independence. A self-governing Britain will work constructively with allies in North America, Europe and elsewhere, to the extent that this is in British interests. We are not isolationists, but nor do we envisage ourselves as 'world policemen'. British forces have a valuable peacekeeping role, but only in areas of strategic concern or historical ties to Britain. We see NATO as the cornerstone of Britain's defence policy, in particular because it underpins our continuing voluntary military co-operation with the United States. We are concerned that, despite denials by our government, the integrity of NATO is being threatened by the EU's new defence arrangements.  The maintenance of an effective force requires different attitudes between military and civilian life, as is reflected in military law and recruitment. For instance, it is obvious that civilian sex and disability discrimination laws cannot be applied without qualification in the armed forces. The UKIP believes that the effectiveness of our armed forces is nonetheless being undermined by bureaucratic and politically correct management, and we shall strenuously resist this development. We shall, however, encourage recruitment from minority groups and the equal treatment of all military personnel, regardless of background. The UKIP will also seek to reverse the decline in the Reserve Forces and Cadet Corps in schools and local communities.  The aim of the UKIP's foreign policy will be to co-operate with other nations insofar as this is in Britain's interests, and to foster free trade. We shall reform overseas development policy: foreign aid should be handed to local communities themselves rather than governments or bureaucratic agencies. Aid will be conditional on decent standards of individual freedom and fiscal honesty, but we shall not use it as a weapon to destroy traditional ways of life. Such considerations will also be applied to the remission of international debt.  As discussed previously under Home Affairs, the UKIP supports the Council of Europe's original objectives as a positive alternative to the EU. This is because they are based on voluntary co-operation rather than the surrender of national sovereignty. Moreover they encompass the whole European continent, not just a privileged portion of it.  Continued membership of the European Union will increasingly diminish Britain's voice in international affairs, as more power is ceded to EU institutions. An independent Britain, by contrast, can be a major player on the world stage. Friendship with the United States and our role in the Commonwealth link us directly with more than a quarter of the world's peoples, and some of the richest and fastest-growing economies. Freed from the EU, we can use our influence to promote freedom, tolerance and fair trade.  Our opponents call us 'little Englanders'. We say that they are frightened of the world.   The Constitution  The UK Independence Party supports the principles and values of the British political system: constitutional monarchy; parliamentary government; common law and the Union. The British constitution has great flexibility and a proud tradition of democratic reform. It has adapted well to changing social conditions, providing stability, continuity and an underlying sense of freedom. There have been no revolutions in Britain since 1688 and no extremist movement - right or left - has ever gained mass support. Our history and our political system vary markedly from those of continental Europe. We aim to preserve and build upon our best political traditions, but we can only do this as an independent and free people.  The UKIP opposes moves to abolish the British constitution and replace it with rigid EU law. We oppose attempts to balkanise our country into 'regions' answerable largely to Brussels. And we deplore the gradual loss of parliamentary authority under both Tory and New Labour regimes. To shore up our constitutional tradition, and protect it from future attacks, we believe that a few key reforms are needed.  First, the UKIP supports a new Bill of Rights for the United Kingdom. This will prevent at any time in the future any treaty that vests national sovereignty in an agency other than Parliament and the Crown. This Bill of Rights would be a Magna Carta for the twenty-first century, guaranteeing our independence and securing our democratic freedoms.  Secondly, the UKIP seeks to redress the balance of power in favour of Parliament - and away from an over-mighty Executive. We shall therefore legislate to circumscribe the government's ability to produce secondary legislation, and its reliance on Enabling Acts. The power and influence of the many unelected 'quangos' and 'task forces' is also in need of urgent review. Finally, there is a pressing need to formalise the system of Select Committees, to fund them adequately and give them statutory powers to require witnesses to attend. Equally, we need to give statutory authority, via Select Committees, to the findings of Parliamentary Ombudsmen.  The relationship between MPs and their constituents is a crucial part of the British political system. The UKIP believes that the MP's principal responsibility is to his or her constituents, not as mere party delegate. UKIP MPs would place their constituents' interests first and be prepared to think and act independently. Giving Parliament more teeth will encourage constructive criticism of government by MPs. This will keep Ministers on their toes and lead to more open government. As a matter of principle, we condemn the proposal for state funding of political parties, which gives rise to the dangerous possibility that the state can, in effect, strangle political opposition at birth by denying funding.  The UKIP believes in two-chamber government. We regret the weakening of the House of Lords through a mixture of opportunism, politics of envy and misguided reforming zeal. Already, conscientious and independent-minded peers have been replaced by 'cronies' who have nominal power but lack any moral authority.  Part of the EU myth is a decentralised 'Europe of Regions'. In effect, this means the break-up of nation states, the creation of toy-town regional assemblies in place of national parliaments, and the upward devolution of power to EU institutions lacking historical roots. In other words, regionalism is an illusion, another EU confidence trick. The UKIP seeks consensus, not divisive rivalry, between the constituent parts of the United Kingdom. The Welsh Assembly has proved unpopular and ineffective; we propose a second referendum to determine whether the current settlement has an ongoing mandate. The 'West Lothian question' remains unsolved, and the UKIP will address it as part of our ongoing restoration of parliamentary sovereignty. Likewise, we shall oppose any attempt to force on the people of Northern Ireland any constitutional change without their full and informed consent.  The EU project of a balkanised Britain has been aided by the reorganisation of local government under both Heath and Thatcher. The UKIP would return powers to local government, and repeal local government legislation that encourages secrecy and lack of accountability. The UKIP believes in restoring the county as the basis for local administration, and where possible, we shall return to pre-1974 county boundaries.  As a democratic party, we aim to widen participation in local politics. One device we favour is greater use of the referendum - when it is called for by citizens' petition. Referendum campaigns will reconnect local governments with the communities they serve and ensure that local government is properly representative. It will keep at bay both bureaucracy and politically-correct excesses. At the national level, too, all major constitutional questions should be approved by referenda, and we support the creation of an objective, impartial Referendum Commission. But the referendum must be seen as a supplement to representative government, not a substitute for it.  Above all, the UK Independence Party can promise that no EU 'constitution' or charter will be used to override British law. No other party can do that.   Summary  Leave the European Union ...  The UK Independence Party believes, along with most British people, that Britain should be ruled by our own elected parliament. Our parliament should be in charge of our laws, our taxation, our economic policies, our agricultural and fishing policies, our defence forces and our judicial system.  All these functions of government are being progressively taken over by the European Union. "In the EU" means government by the EU, and experience has repeatedly shown that trying to negotiate a better deal for Britain does not work. The UKIP believes in British democracy, not autocratic rule from Brussels. The only way to achieve this is for Britain to leave the EU.  ... and keep the £ _permanently_  The euro would not be good for Britain's economy. It is not designed to be. Its purpose is to promote "ever closer union" within Europe, as EU politicians keep telling us. The UKIP is the only party that will keep the pound _on principle_, because we believe our government must be in charge of Britain's budget and interest rate policies.  If Britain joins the euro, our interest rates will be set to suit conditions in the EU, making boom-and-bust worse in Britain. The euro would not make borrowing cheaper, nor would it reduce unemployment. Britain is the 4th largest world economy and we are thriving _outside the euro-area. We do not need to give up the £._  An independent Britain will be better off: ...  World trade and investment  Britain's trade with EU countries does NOT depend on membership of the EU's "single market". Norway and Switzerland do most of their trade with the EU but are not members. When Britain leaves the EU, our trade with EU countries will continue because we are one of their biggest customers. Also, release from the EU's external trade barriers will enable Britain to develop stronger trading links with countries outside the EU, like the US and the Commonwealth countries. And, far from putting off investment, a strong world-trading Britain free from EU restrictions will be an even greater magnet for foreign investment funds.  The Independence Dividend  When Britain leaves the EU, we shall stop giving £8.5 billion (and to become £11 billion) per year to the EU budget, and the UKIP estimates that at least a further £11.5 billion per year will become available to the Treasury from deregulation and a healthier economy. Our full manifesto sets out how this £20 billion "Independence Dividend" could be spent on pensions, agricultural assistance, run-down public services, the NHS, defence, schoolteachers and the police.  Deregulation  Leaving the EU will allow us to scrap thousands of EU directives which interfere with our lives, ruin businesses and destroy jobs, and the UKIP would pay particular attention to removing regulation from small businesses. We would also address the whole regulatory culture that has grown up in Britain, breeding more bureaucracy, enriching lawyers, and encouraging dishonesty and disrespect for authority. The taxation and benefit system needs drastic simplification and revision to restore the incentives to employment and enterprise.  Farming and Fishing  When Britain leaves the EU, we shall at last be rid of the Common Agricultural Policy, and free to design policies for farming and the countryside that suit Britain, not our EU 'partners'. Next time there is a foot-and-mouth outbreak, we can decide for ourselves how to deal with it. And out of the EU, we can re-establish control of our fishing grounds and allow our ruined fishing industry to recover.  Other policies  The UK Independence Party does not prescribe detailed policies in all areas. That will be the job of our elected UK government, which will be free to make laws that are in the interests of British voters once Britain is independent from the EU. But we do have clear views of the sort of independent Britain we want, with accountable, honest government at both national and local levels. We want government that earns respect, not contempt and suspicion.  The UKIP believes that the root of the widespread low morale and dissatisfaction with our public services is too much centralised control and bureaucratic management. Our attitude is to improve funding, and as far as possible to shift responsibility back to our schools, NHS staff, police and defence forces. We have competent and dedicated professionals in all these services. Leave them alone to get on with their jobs, free from red-tape, political-correctness, performance targets, spin-doctors, and fear of litigation.  In line with these principles, the UKIP would allow our schools to select and stream pupils to give the best opportunities for all. And besides concentrating on basic skills, an all-round education needs other activities including sports. We believe that the family, as the basic building block of society provides the best background for bringing up confident children, and we would restore tax allowances for married couples with children under 18.  There is deep concern about current levels of crime. The UKIP would find funds for more police, and free them from bureaucracy and politically-correct rules, allowing them to do their jobs effectively. And while rehabilitation must always be the objective, sentencing needs to act as an effective deterrent.  The UKIP recognises the contribution made by all immigrant groups to our culture and economy, and represents British citizens of all races and religions who want their country to be independent. However Britain cannot absorb unlimited numbers. The current problems of immigration and asylum result from inadequate enforcement of our laws, with migrants allowed by other EU countries to 'escape' into Britain. Our own government must re-establish proper border controls and apply our immigration laws humanely but firmly.  Finally, Britain needs a properly equipped, independent defence force that looks after British interests and continues to work with NATO, not as a part of the Euro-army. It is imperative that Britain retains its rightful place in world bodies like the UN and the G8, rather than being represented by the EU.  In 1999, British voters elected 3 UKIP members of the European Parliament. The UKIP is growing fast as more and more people realise that restoring Britain's independence is essential for Britain's future security, self-respect, and prosperity.  Please see our full manifesto on www.ukip.org .  Index & Authors  Contents  Introduction: The UK Independence Party  The Economy  Free Trade and Globalisation  Regulatory Reform  The Independence Dividend  Spending the Independence Dividend  Taxation  The Single Currency and Monetary Policy  Health, Social Security and Pensions  The National Health Service  Social Security  Pensions and the Elderly  Education  Schools  Higher and Further Education  Transport and The Environment  Transport  The Environment  Home Affairs  The Judicial System  Human Rights  Crime  Immigration  Asylum  Agriculture & Fisheries  A Special Case  Land Management Contracts  Marketing and Rural Development  Fisheries  Defence and Foreign Affairs  The Constitution  Summary Index & Authors  Authors and primary contributors  Anthony Bennett MA, Solicitor Craig Mackinlay BSc (Hons) ACA ATII, Chartered Accountant Aidan Rankin MSc PhD Anthony Scholefield BSc (Hons) MA John Whittaker BSc (Hons) PhD BA  Copyright © 1999-2006 Imperial Tories. All rights reserved.
Believe In Britain
May 7th presents the people of Britain with an incredible opportunity. For the first time in 100 years, there is real change on the horizon. All you Now, there is something to vote for, if you believe in Britain. have to do is vote for it. If you believe that we are big enough to make our own laws, in our own Political party manifestos are usually filled with arbitrary, over-ambitious parliament; if you believe we should have the sovereign right to control our targets and pledges to some special interest group here or there. UKIP is own borders; if you believe that we should be fiscally responsible, and stop different. adding to our national debts and expecting our children and grandchildren to pay the bill, then we are the party for you. In this document, which should inform your choice at this election, you will find serious, fully-costed policies that reflect what our party is all about: If you believe in these things and that in this year, the 800th anniversary  believing in our country. of Magna Carta, you believe we should seize the opportunity for real change in our politics; rebalance power from large corporations and big On the major issues of the day - immigration, the economy, our health government institutions and put it back into the hands of the people of this service and living standards – the establishment parties have repeatedly country, then there really is only one choice. and knowingly raised the expectations of the public, only to let us down, time and time again. If you believe in Britain, vote UKIP on May 7th. In many ways, this is where UKIP came from: a feeling that successive governments were no longer representing the will of the British people.
CONTENTSINTRODUCTION TO OUR MANIFESTO 5 ECONOMY 6 IMMIGRATION  10 THE NHS 14 SOCIAL CARE  18 PENSIONS  20 WELFARE AND DISABILITY  22 CHILDCARE AND THE FAMILY  24 EDUCATION  28 HOUSING AND THE ENVIRONMENT  32 TRANSPORT  36 ENERGY  38 EMPLOYMENT  40 SMALL BUSINESS 42 FARMING AND THE COUNTRYSIDE 46 FISHING  48 HERITAGE AND TOURISM  50 CRIME AND JUSTICE  52 POLITICAL REFORM  56 LOCAL GOVERNMENT  58 BRITISH CULTURE  60 TRADE  62 DEFENCE  64 HONOURING THE MILITARY COVENANT  66 FOREIGN AFFAIRS 67 OVERSEAS AID  68 BREXIT  70 FINANCE  72
Published and Promoted by Paul Oakden, on behalf of the UK Independence Party, 1 King Charles Business Park, Old Newton Road, Heathfield, Newton Abbot, Devon, TQ12 6UT.
INTRODUCTION TO OUR MANIFESTO
If only all politicians could believe in Britain as UKIP does.
If only they could share our positive vision of Britain as a proud, independent sovereign nation,
a country respected on the world stage,
a major player in global trade,
with influence and authority when it comes to tackling the pressing international issues of the day.
This manifesto is our blueprint for a Britain released from the shackles of the interfering EU.
This makes it markedly different to those of the other main parties.
While we see a free, prosperous, healthy, international future for Britain, their cowardice binds our country to a failing super-state that tells us what to do and does not listen to what we want.
Our manifesto also throws down the gauntlet to those who have ridiculed us, jeered at us and lied about our voters, our people and our policies.
It tells the truth about what UKIP stands for.
It takes care of Britain’s finances too.
Taxpayers could get so much better value for their money if we left the EU,
made reasonable cuts to the foreign aid budget,
replaced the unfair Barnett formula,
scrapped HS2,
ended ‘health tourism’
and cut the cost of government.
These are our plans and they give us a budget to invest in Britain the other parties can only dream of.
Without adding a penny to our burgeoning national debt, without cutting vital services and without raising taxes, we can, over the course of the next parliament:
Invest an extra £12 billion into the NHS;
put £5.2 billion more into social care;
build a dedicated military hospital
and abolish hospital parking charges
End income tax on the minimum wage;
cut income taxes for middle earners;
scrap inheritance tax;
abolish the ‘bedroom tax’
and increase the transferable personal tax allowance for married couples and civil partners
Fund 6,000 additional posts spread between the police service, the prison service and the Border Agency
Cut business rates for small businesses
Waive tuition fees for students taking a degree in science; technology; engineering; maths or medicine
Increase defence spending to 2 per cent of GDP to honour our NATO obligations
Invest £1.5 billion into mental health and dementia services
Pay carers an extra £572 a year
Build 500 affordable rent homes every year
and eight halfway house hostels for homeless veterans
Remove stamp duty on the first £250,000 for new homes built on brownfield sites.
Our fiscal plans identifying how we will fund these policies have been rigorously and independently assessed by the Centre for Economic and Business Research (Cebr).
The Cebr has been extremely diligent and has challenged us frequently, so voters can be assured our manifesto commitments are sound and affordable.
Ours is an amazing country, but it could be better still.
As Mark Reckless said when he joined UKIP last year: “we are more than just a star on someone else’s flag.”
Britain is great: if you believe this too, then believe in us and vote UKIP.
“Our willingness to take the axe to politically correct spending programmes makes us the one party that can stick to the Treasury’s deficit elimination plan, while cutting taxes and increasing spending on vital services such as the NHS and defence of our nation.”
Believe    in Britain UKIP believes the key to creating a successful, dynamic economy and a fair society lies in harnessing the ingenuity, resourcefulness and appetite for hard work  of the British people.
Under previous governments, excessive rates of taxation have killed incentives for people to create wealth and make the most of their talents.
Our approach to the economy revolves around restoring incentives for workers by cutting taxes
and ending the current ‘open door’ arrangement for European labour that has driven down wages in recent years.
By the end of the next parliament, UKIP will: Raise the personal allowance to at least £13,000 so people can earn enough money to cover their basic living costs before the state starts to take income tax out of their pay packets.
This will take those on minimum wage out of tax altogether
Abolish inheritance tax.
Assets bought out of taxed income should not be taxed again when their owners die.
We will strike out the hated ‘death tax.’
It hits the middle classes hardest, those who have worked to provide for their dependents, because the wealthiest almost always manage to avoid paying it
Raise the threshold for paying 40 per cent income tax to £55,000
and introduce a new intermediate tax rate of 30 per cent on incomes ranging between £43,500 and £55,000.
A tax originally designed for high earners should not be levied on middle-income earners such as school teachers and senior nurses
Increase the transferable tax allowance for married couples and civil partners to £1,500.
The longer term aspiration of a UKIP government will be to create an income tax structure of a basic rate of 20 per cent, an intermediate rate of 30 per cent, and a top rate of 40 per cent, meaning income taxes will be flatter and lower.
Bringing down taxes on working people at the bottom and in the middle ranges of the income scale is our priority.
In the longer term, we will aim to restore the personal allowance to those earning over £100,000 and make 40 per cent the top rate of tax for all, as it used to be.
VAT
Outside the EU, we will have control over VAT.
Significantly, we will be able to deal with distortion imposed by EU legislation and zero-rate certain goods and services that have previously had VAT charged on them.
This means we can – and will - remove VAT completely from repairs to listed buildings and sanitary products, for example.
CORPORATION TAX DODGING
It is grossly unfair that a few multi-national corporations have been able to access all the benefits of our thriving British consumer market without making a proper contribution to the costs of British society.
The public has every right to be angry about this.
UKIP will not allow large companies to continue getting away with paying zero or negligible corporation tax in Britain. We will bring this unfairness to an end.
By restoring British tax sovereignty, which we lost when we signed up to the EU,
we will end the practice of businesses paying tax in whichever EU or associated country they choose.
Our membership of the EU enables companies to avoid paying some UK taxes with impunity and we will close this loophole.
We will also set up a Treasury Commission to monitor the effectiveness of the new Diverted Profits Tax and bring in any further measures necessary to prevent large multinational corporations using aggressive tax avoidance schemes.
REDUCING THE DEFICIT, PAYING OFF OUR DEBTS
Years of mismanagement by Labour and Conservative governments have left our public finances in a mess.
The public sector deficit in 2014/15 is expected to be around £90 billion and our national debt close to £1.5 trillion, £500 billion more than it was when David Cameron took over in 2010.
This is a terrible legacy to leave our children and grandchildren.
Interest payments on our national debt alone cost £46 billion every year: more than £700 for every man, woman and child in the country.
It is more than we are spending on defence.
The Chancellor has failed to stick to his 2010 promise to wipe out the deficit by the end of the current parliament, despite damaging cuts to public services.
In the March 2015 Budget, a new deficit reduction schedule was unveiled, envisaging the elimination of the deficit by the third year of the next parliament, with a surplus being recorded after that.
While this current Treasury plan is a reasonable target, there is little public faith it will be achieved, coming as is does in the wake of previous failure.
UKIP MPs in the next parliament will make sure the Treasury sticks to this latest plan, with no backsliding.
We will hold the next Chancellor’s feet to the fire when it comes to improving public finances.
UKIP will make a difference by being a powerful, much-needed voice in favour of sound financial management.
FINANCING UKIP SPENDING PLANS
UKIP will finance a fairer tax system and fund our public spending proposals by sharp reductions in spending on specified public sector programmes.
By the end of the next parliament we will: Save £9 billion a year in direct net contributions to the European Union budget by leaving the EU
Reduce the overseas aid budget from 0.7 per cent to  0.2 per cent of GNI, matching the percentage contribution made by the USA.
This change will be phased in so projects in progress can be completed and contractual obligations met.
Annual savings will increase to £11 billion by 2019/20 and money for bilateral aid projects will not be languishing in EU bank accounts
Save £4 billion a year in capital expenditure by scrapping the HS2 vanity project, which will benefit the few at the expense of many
Reduce spending by £5.5 billion by replacing the Barnett Formula
REPLACING THE BARNETT FORMULA
The Barnett Formula is the method by which HM Treasury allocates funds to Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.
Despite being in existence for thirty-seven years, since when we have seen devolution and significant changes in the respective countries’ fortunes, this formula has never been reviewed or updated.
Now discredited, it was disowned by Lord Barnett himself.
UKIP believes the Barnett Formula has passed its sell-by date.
Spending has become increasingly unfair, with Scotland receiving  a considerably higher per capita spend, despite moving towards  further tax-raising and spending powers of its own.
Scotland receives almost £1,400 more per person in public spending than the UK average and nearly £450 more than Wales.
This is why Scotland is able to spend in a manner not possible elsewhere in the UK.
We agree with the House of Lords Select Committee on the Barnett Formula which in 2009 concluded that: The Barnett Formula results in ‘per capita allocations that are arbitrary and unfair’
Scotland has ‘markedly lower overall need than Wales’
‘The Barnett Formula should no longer be used to determine annual increases in the block grant for the devolved administration’
‘A new system which allocates resources to the devolved administrations based on an explicit assessment of their relative needs should be introduced’
‘A formula based on relative need is a practical possibility.’
These conclusions echoed a House of Commons Justice Committee report in the same year, which stated: ‘The Barnett Formula is overdue for reform and lacks any basis in equity or logic.’
The government of the day was urged to devise a new, needs-based formula.
Both reports have been ignored.
UKIP will implement these recommendations within the time frame anticipated by the House of Lords Select Committee: ‘a transitional period of between three and five years, preferably no more than seven.’
The introduction of a new system will result in substantial reductions in funding for Scotland,
but, as the Scottish government is to have significant further powers over taxation, borrowing and spending in due course, it can make its own decision as to whether to raise taxes or cut public spending to balance the books.
Either way, the devolved administration in Scotland will be well placed to balance its fiscal, economic and spending priorities.
CUTTING THE COST OF WESTMINSTER
The cost to the taxpayer of the Houses of Parliament, Ministerial Departments, the Home Civil Service and Whitehall-funded quangos is huge, running into hundreds of millions of pounds every year.
UKIP believes we can make considerable savings
at the same time as improving democratic accountability.
These savings include: Reducing the size of the House of Commons and ensuring parliamentary constituencies across the country are of equal size
Abolishing government departments when their essential powers and functions can be merged into other departments.
Such departments will include the Department for Energy and Climate Change,
the Department for International Development,
and the Department for Culture, Media and Sport
Reducing the number of secretaries of state, ministers and parliamentary undersecretaries-of-state and, accordingly, the size of government
Cutting departmental running costs where they do not deliver value for money
Reducing the £7.2 million cost of paid advisers and bring more transparency to their appointment
Abolishing unnecessary quangos such as the Cabinet Office’s ‘Big Society’ programme (£49 million),
the National Citizen Service (£62 million),
DfID’s International Citizen Service Volunteers (£110 million)
and Defra’s Waste Resource Action Programme (£15.5 million)
Clamping down on so-called ‘fake charities,’
or state-funded political activism
Ending tax-payer funded overseas junketing and non-essential ‘fact-finding’ missions
Ceasing all subsidies for bars and dining rooms in the Palace of Westminster
Preventing MPs claiming expenses that are not incurred wholly, exclusively and necessarily in the performance of their duties, like every other member of society.
We anticipate investing savings made from cutting the cost of Westminster into a dedicated fund to contribute to the repair and maintenance of the beautiful and historic Palace of Westminster.
The fabric of this building has been neglected and the estimated cost of essential repairs is currently £3 billion.
Government has focused on the wrong spending priorities for far too long.
It is time to stop wasting money on trying to be popular on the world stage, and  start tackling urgent, pressing  needs here in the UK.
By changing our spending priorities British taxpayers can get much better value for money.
UKIP will take Britain out of the red and back  into the black.
IMMIGRATION
“Britain is a compassionate, caring nation. In the course of our island’s history we have welcomed millions of people to these shores and we are proud of that record. UKIP does not have a problem with migration. What we do have a problem with is the uncontrolled, politically-driven immigration that has been promoted and sustained by Labour and the Conservatives.”
The increasing ebb and flow of people across our planet is one of the greatest issues of our time.
In 1950s Britain, some 25,000 immigrants arrived here annually and net migration was negligible.
Now, immigration into the UK is at an all time high:
in the year to September 2014, 624,000 migrants moved to our island and annual net migration, which takes into account those leaving the country, now stands at 298,000, again, a new record
Nearly seven million immigrants came to the UK when the Blair and Brown Labour governments deliberately and recklessly threw open our borders between 1997 and 2010.
Over two million more have arrived since David Cameron came to power and spectacularly broke his promise to reduce net migration to the “tens of thousands…No ifs. No buts.”
This unprecedented influx has had significant consequences on our economy, our public services, our culture and our environment.
Evidence from the EU and the UK Parliament’s Treasury Select Committee reveals how immigration has driven down wages and led to job losses for British workers.
The sheer weight of numbers, combined with rising birth rates (particularly to immigrant mothers) and an ageing population, is pushing public services to breaking point.
To meet demand, we must build one home every seven minutes;
we wait longer to see our GP or be treated in hospitals;
our children are learning in schools with over-sized classes,  or having lessons disrupted by building work as schools are forced to keep expanding.
The British public has every right to be concerned.
Surveys consistently show immigration as one of the top three issues for voters.
Yet, instead of listening, the old parties have responded with insults and contempt: even our prime ministers have labelled good, decent people ‘closet racists’ and ‘bigots.’
Immigration is not about race; it is about space.
Immigrants are not the problem; it is the current immigration system that is broken.
Our current immigration rules ignore the wishes of the British people.
They discriminate in favour of EU citizens and against the rest of the world.
The system is failing so badly that we cannot even properly identify how many people enter and leave our country.
TO REFORM OUR IMMIGRATION SYSTEM UKIP WILL:
Take back control of our borders
Put  a  five-year  moratorium  on  immigration  for  unskilled  workers,  which will enable the unemployed already living here to find work and those already working to see wage growth
Introduce  an  Australian-style  points  based  system  to  manage  the  number and skills of people coming into the country,
treating all citizens of the world on a fair and equal basis as a welcoming, outward-looking country
Tackle the problem of sham marriages.
These policies are essential if we are to give our country the breathing space it desperately needs from mass uncontrolled immigration,
create harmonious, integrated communities,
and catch up on building the essential infrastructure needed to sustain our growing nation.
CONTROLLING OUR BORDERS
We can never control immigration while we continue to be members of the European Union.
Until we leave, we are forced to abide by the EU’s founding, unshakable principle of the ‘free movement of people,’ meaning we cannot prevent the flow of citizens from all EU member states into Britain.
Other political parties will promise to control immigration, but while they continue to support the UK’s membership of the EU, they are not being honest with the electorate.
Wholly unable to control EU migration, they can only reduce numbers by slamming the door in the face of people from around the rest of the world.
The old parties already support blatant discrimination against Commonwealth countries, with whom Britain has traditionally had long and friendly relationships.
This inequality will at best continue and at worst increase, under their prejudicial immigration policies.
UKIP will: Increase the numbers of Border Agency staff by 2,500
Implement  new  border  control  technology  solutions  to ensure all passport and visa holders are counted in and out and to identify over-stayers, including those on student visas.
MANAGING IMMIGRATION
We will establish a Migration Control Commission to oversee operation of our Australian-style points based system.
This commission will operate under a strict mandate to significantly reduce the numbers of people migrating to the UK.
It will determine Britain’s economic and social needs annually and then recommend how many immigrants, with what skills required, we will accept into Britain.
Because the other parties have failed to control immigration, UKIP will limit highly-skilled work visas to 50,000 per annum,
including those from the EU,
and apply a moratorium to unskilled and low-skilled labour over the course of the next parliament.
UKIP has no intention of ‘pulling up the drawbridge’ to Britain, as has been suggested.
We simply want to control who walks over it, like nearly 200 other countries worldwide.
OUR VISA SYSTEM
A new visa system will be operated on a strict principle of non-discrimination between peoples of all nations applying to work, study and visit the United Kingdom.
We will offer five principal visa categories: Work  Visas  will be issued to skilled and key workers under our Australian-style points  based system.
Workers under this scheme will be required to have medical insurance to cover both themselves and any dependent s for five years’ duration.
During this time they will not be able to claim any benefits or non-urgent NHS treatment, unless they can be treated under any reciprocal international agreements or have been granted a specific exception by the Migration Control Commission.
Those arriving on work visas will not be granted permanent leave to remain, however they can apply for British citizenship after five years if they have worked and paid tax here.
Visitor visas and entry passes-We value and want to encourage tourism, however there are inequalities in the current system, which treats some nationalities more favourably than others.
The Migration Control Commission will be charged with finding a system which enables countries with which the UK already has close ties, such as member states of the European Union and the Commonwealth, to establish reciprocal arrangements for visitor visas and term-dated entry passes.
Student visas- The international student community makes an important contribution to the UK.
Because students are in Britain only on a temporary basis, we will categorise them separately in immigration figures.
All non-UK undergraduate and post-graduate students will be required to maintain private health insurance for the period of their study.
We will also: Review which educational institutions are eligible to enroll international students and prevent abuse of the student visa system.
Students not attending courses will have their visas withdrawn and colleges not reporting absentees will be barred from accepting international students.
Family reunion visas - It is important that British citizens and those with permanent leave to remain here can form legal family relationships with non-British citizens and we will review the family union system to ensure this basic principle is respected and applies equally to all.
However, our key aim is to control immigration, so we will abolish the EEA family permit scheme and reinstate the primary purpose rule, meaning foreign nationals marrying British citizens will have to prove that the primary purpose of their marriage is not to obtain British residency.
Asylum visas -We will comply fully with the 1951 UN Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees;
speed up the asylum process;
and seek to do so while tackling logjams in the system for those declined asylum status.
We will continue to honour our obligations to bona fide asylum seekers.
ACCESS TO WELFARE AND THE NHS
We have an over-stretched NHS and a high benefits bill, partly because of the pressure from immigration.
To combat this, all new migrants to Britain will have to make tax and national insurance contributions for five consecutive years before they will become eligible to claim UK benefits, or access to more than non-urgent NHS services, save for any exceptions stipulated by the Migration Control Commission.
BRITISH CITIZENSHIP
Save for current applications, approved asylum cases and family reunions, we will cease grant of ‘Permanent Leave to Remain’ status.
Those on work visas may apply for British citizenship once they have been here for five years.
We will revoke the British citizenship of those who have obtained it by fraud or deception and remove those who have obtained entry into Britain by this means.
We take the view that British citizens who choose to fight alongside terrorist organisations effectively abdicate their rights to citizenship.
We will amend the Foreign Enlistment Act 1870 to make enlistment in violent armed groups or transnational terror organisations a crime
and we will seek a means to revoke their citizenship and prevent their repatriation.
ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION
There will be no amnesty for illegal immigrants.
We will increase the number of immigration compliance and enforcement teams
and review current holding and accommodation arrangements for illegal immigrants.
FOREIGN CRIMINALS
Foreign criminals will not be granted a visa to enter the UK
Resident migrants who commit crimes resulting in custodial sentence will have their visa revoked and they will be subject to a deportation order.
They will be detained until they are removed from the UK.
ENDING THE EU FREEDOM OF MOVEMENT OF PEOPLE
Our new immigration policies will begin when we confirm our intention to leave the EU with an ‘out’ vote in a national referendum.
Any European Union citizen who is resident in the UK at the time of the referendum will be permitted to remain and work here.
They will be able to enjoy the benefits of the UK as before and have the opportunity to apply for UK citizenship after five years.
The British people accept immigrants and are among the most welcoming and tolerant people in the world.
UKIP’s policies recognise the new openness in our world and the positive benefits controlled immigration has brought and can continue to bring to our nation.
Only UKIP’s policies have, at their heart, sustainability, ethics and fairness.
It is only by pursuing these policies and introducing an Australian-style points based system, that we can all be  confident immigration will benefit Britain.
THE NHS
“UKIP has a clear vision for 21st century healthcare: an efficient, affordable, world-class, national health service, free at the point of delivery and in time of need. The people of Britain are rightly proud of the NHS and we will invest £12 billion over the next five years to keep it working for them.”
Britain’s best-loved institution is in crisis. The founding of the NHS in 1948 was a victory for the people but, sixty years on, it is the NHS itself that needs emergency care and nursing back to health.
Our ageing population;
the dramatic increase in the numbers of people suffering chronic, long-term conditions;
uncontrolled immigration, encouraged by Labour and continued under the Tories:
any one of these pressures might have been enough to bring the NHS close to breaking point.
Combine these with EU directives that have prevented essential training and endless political interference
and it is not difficult to understand why the NHS is in serious trouble.
Both Labour and the Tories have utterly failed our NHS by treating it as a political football instead of a cherished institution.
Patients are suffering because of poor policy, made all too often purely for reasons of political expediency.
A GP appointment can no longer be guaranteed within any reasonable time frame.
Coalition cuts to social care budgets are forcing elderly people to stay in hospital for longer than they should because there is no after-care available for them.
Top-down targets forced on Accident and Emergency departments are not realistic; even some of the best hospitals cannot cope.
Despite a chronic shortage of doctors, nurses and midwives
David Cameron’s government wasted billions on a top-down reorganisation he promised would not happen.
Labour, which squandered money on financing capital projects at credit card rates through private finance initiatives and giving service contracts worth billions of pounds to private companies when they were in power, are now promising to repeal the Health and Social Care Act, meaning yet more billions will be wasted re-organising the NHS all over again.
Both parties administered a disastrous £12 billion NHS IT project which ultimately failed.
UKIP will take better care of taxpayers’ money.
We will put an additional £3 billion a year into the NHS in England by the end of the parliament and make sure the money is spent on frontline patient care.
We will provide the common sense, the money, the staff, the social care funding and the vital improvements to emergency medicine that the NHS needs.
We will fund: 8,000 MORE GPs
We will train and employ GPs to meet this current shortfall
and waive university tuition fees for new medical students who work in Britain for  five years after qualifying.
To encourage those who have left the profession to get back into the surgery, we will fund the cost of re-training for GPs who wish to return to practice.
To cut GP waiting times and allow GPs to spend more time actually seeing patients, UKIP will reduce the burden of data collection, target chasing, revalidation and appraisal work that interferes with the care GPs can give to patients.
20,000 MORE NURSES
AND  3,000 MORE MIDWIVES
Not only will UKIP find the training of nurses and midwives, we will also fund return to practice training for those who have taken career breaks.
Because we believe nursing starts and ends on the ward, we will bring back the State Enrolled Nurse, and put care and compassion back at the heart of nursing.
EMERGENCY MEDICINE
There is a shortage of emergency medicine consultants in our Accident and Emergency departments, just 1200 when the profession needs closer to 2000.
The problem stems not so much from a deficiency in training capacity, but from poor retention once registrars or consultants have qualified.
500 UK-trained emergency medicine consultants are currently working in Australia, New Zealand and Canada alone, which illustrates the attrition rate.
Bodies representing this field of medicine believe the solution lies in improving working conditions, such as the extent of weekend cover, unsocial hours, extended shifts and leave patterns.
Funding the additional consultants is not in itself a problem, as the cost of locums to cover the current shortage far exceeds that of increasing employed staff and this is what we will do.
GPs FOR A&Es
Patients who cannot get a GP appointment frequently turn up in A&E instead, putting additional pressure on already over-stretched resources.
We will initiate pilot programmes in English hospitals to put GPs on duty in A&E departments seven days a week.
If these pilots succeed in easing the burden on A&E staff by freeing them up to treat seriously ill patients more successfully, we will roll the programme out across the country, deploying approximately 1,000 of the 8,000 additional GPs we are committed to funding.
IMPROVED MENTAL HEALTH SERVICES
Patients with mental health problems frequently feel ignored and let down.
UKIP takes a ‘whole  person’ approach to health and that means giving mental health parity with physical health.
We will introduce practical policies to improve delivery of mental health services, including:
Directing patients diagnosed with a debilitating long-term condition or terminal illnesses to mental health professionals when appropriate
Recognising there is often a link between addiction and mental illness and offering appropriate treatment where this is the case
Offering direct access to specialist mental health treatment for pregnant women and mothers of children under 12 months of age
Fighting the stigma around mental illness
and supporting those seeking to get back into work.
Patients experiencing distress or exhibiting mental ill-health issues when admitted to hospital should have both their physical health and mental wellbeing assessed.
This must not just be an optional extra: we will end the postcode lottery for psychiatric liaison services in acute hospitals and A&E departments.
To fund these initiatives, we will increase mental health funding by £170 million annually, phasing this in through the first two years of the next parliament.
DEMENTIA TREATMENT AND RESEARCH
This debilitating and distressing condition is the leading cause of death among women over the age of 55 and the fifth biggest killer of men.
We will be investing a full extra £130 million a year into researching and treating dementia by 2017.
UKIP will put the ‘national’ back into our national health service
We need to get tough on so-called ‘health-tourism.’
Every year the NHS spends up to  £2 billion of UK taxpayers’ money treating those ineligible for free care.
This bill includes foreign nationals who come to Britain to deliberately seek NHS services at no cost to themselves;
those who live here but who do not qualify for free care;
treatment for illegal immigrants and those who overstay their visas.
The NHS is the National Health Service, not the International Health Service.
UKIP will insist migrants and visitors who come to Britain have approved medical insurance.
Only those who have the permanent right to remain in Britain and who have paid UK taxes for at least five years will be granted an NHS number and be eligible for the full services offered by the NHS.
Urgent medical treatment will still be given to those who need it, but non-urgent treatment will be charged for.
UKIP is the only party that is truly willing to face up to the harsh reality of how health tourism and treating those ineligible is sapping the NHS of funds.
The other parties have their heads stuck well and truly in the sand.
HOSPITAL PARKING CHARGES
Hospital car parking charges are a tax on the sick.
We will invest £200 million to make parking at English hospitals free for patients and their visitors.
EFFECTIVE AND POWERFUL HEALTHCARE MONITORING
We think NHS managers should be subject to disciplinary oversight in the same way as doctors and nurses who are regulated by the General Medical Council and the Nursing and Midwifery Council.
We will introduce a ‘Licence to Manage’ as a statutory requirement to prevent incompetent, negligent or bullying managers being moved sideways or re-employed by the NHS as external consultants.
We will also abolish Monitor and the Care Quality Commission and place their inspectorate functions into the hands of county health boards made up of health and social care professionals elected locally by their peers.
County health boards will have the power to inspect health services, conduct snap inspections and take evidence from whistleblowers.
They will be charged with a statutory duty to investigate concerns flagged up by their local Healthwatch or local authority Health Scrutiny panels, so local democratic control and accountability is brought to healthcare decisions directly affecting our local communities.
ENDING LABOUR’S PFI SCANDAL
When short-sighted politicians are desperate for votes, they make appalling decisions.
Labour’s Private Finance Initiative (PFI) scandal is a case in point.
By the time the £14 billion capital cost of NHS PFI contracts have run their course, the NHS will have been forced to pay out a total of £76 billion.
UKIP will not continue to privatise the NHS by the back door, as both Labour and the Conservatives have done.
We will end the use of PFI contracts within the NHS.
STRIPPING OUT UNNECESSARY EU REGULATION
Numerous EU Directives prevent medical institutions from operating in the best interests of patients.
We will scrap at least two of them: the EU Clinical Trial Directive, which has led to a substantial drop in clinical research and threatened Britain’s position as a world-class leader in this field;
and the EU Working Time Directive which, by limiting working and training time to 48 hours in any one week, prevents medics learning essential new skills, putting patient care at risk.
THE TRANSATLANTIC TRADE AND INVESTMENT PARTNERSHIP (TTIP)
TTIP is a proposed EU/USA free trade agreement that is being negotiated in secret by the EU Trade Commission and other EU bureaucrats.
There is growing concern that TTIP may compel us to put many of our public services up for sale to US companies, thereby privatising significant parts of our NHS.
UKIP is committed to securing the exclusion of the NHS, by name, from TTIP.
The level of public concern around TTIP makes it a good example of what can potentially go wrong while we remain in the EU and allow EU Commissioners to negotiate every single trade agreement on behalf of twenty-eight member states, including the UK, en bloc.
Fears of what TTIP might contain precisely illustrate why UKIP believes we should leave the EU and negotiate our own free trade agreements again.
We find it astonishing that other political parties, while launching high-profile campaigns against TTIP, nevertheless remain committed to our EU membership.
Their hypocrisy is shameless.
SOCIAL CARE
The coalition cuts went deep.
UKIP will increase social care funding by £1.2 billion each year, phasing in this increase over a two-year period, to bring investment back to 2010 levels and pay for the additional residential, nursing and home care services that are so desperately needed.
According to Age UK, 900,000 older people between the ages of 65 and 89 have social care needs that are not met.
Residential care, nursing care, home care, day care and equipment budgets have been cut.
Meals on Wheels services have been scrapped in some areas, or frozen ready-meals have replaced freshly cooked hot food.
These cuts impact on the NHS: one million hospital bed days are lost every year when patients cannot be discharged because there is no after-care available for them.
Operations are cancelled for the same reason.
How we look after our older people and others who are vulnerable in society because of ill health is a mark of how civilised we are as a society.
It is scandalous that the current care system is failing those who most need our help.
We believe putting back the investment that was taken away by the current government is more than expedient: it is our duty.
The £1.2 billion UKIP will invest every year by the end of the next parliament will fund social care directly and ease the path through a change we want to make to the way the current system is financed.
INTEGRATING HEALTH AND SOCIAL CARE
While local authorities manage social care, the NHS manages health.
This makes for a complex, inefficient and fragmented approach.
While attempts to integrate the two, while keeping funding and responsibilities separate, have been commendable, the common sense, long-term solution is simply to fully integrate health and social care.
UKIP will bring health and social care together, under the control of the NHS.
FUNDING OLDER PEOPLE’S CARE
In 2010, the Commission on Funding of Care and Support, chaired by Andrew Dilnot, was tasked by Government with reviewing the funding system for care and support in England.
It concluded that an individual’s contribution to social care costs should be capped at £35,000.
We agree in principle: easing the burden on the growing numbers of families who face ever-increasing elderly care costs is clearly desirable, if currently unaffordable.
We propose a possible future solution: the establishment of a Sovereign Wealth Fund from any tax revenue received from shale oil and gas exploration, with investment returns ring-fenced to fully implement the Commission’s recommendations.
The viability of this proposal clearly depends on several unknowns, not least getting the go-ahead for shale exploration and unpredictable market forces, but we feel it is important to state this policy as an intention.
Should fracking in the UK prove to be possible and profitable, we want to see the nation’s income from it spent on looking after older people.
Establishing a Sovereign Wealth Fund from the tax profits of fracking, and ring-fencing the income it generates for a social care fund, will  potentially release older people from the distress of having to sell their  homes to pay for care and give them and their families peace of mind.
IMPROVING STANDARDS IN CARE
UKIP believes the elderly and vulnerable must be treated with compassion and dignity.
We will: Introduce a legally-binding ‘Dignity Code’ to improve standards of professional care
Pledge to protect services such as day care, home care and Meals on Wheels
Abolish the practice of arranging home care visits in fifteen-minute windows
Abolish the annual assessment process for continuing healthcare funding in respect of those suffering from degenerative, terminal illnesses
Keep free bus passes,
winter fuel allowances,
free TV licenses for the over 75s
and free prescriptions and eye tests for the over-60s, without means testing.
We will also fund a co-ordinating service for older people in every county, combining resources from across the NHS, social services, community agents and the voluntary sector.
No vulnerable person should feel isolated or alone and this service will be proactive in identifying and assisting those suffering from loneliness.
A BETTER DEAL FOR HOME CARE WORKERS
Good home care starts with good home care workers, who provide a lifeline to some of the most vulnerable people in our society.
Theirs is a difficult enough job to do at the best of times and long hours and low pay make an already challenging role even more onerous.
We cannot expect workers to give the best care if they themselves are not being cared for.
This is a serious issue UKIP will tackle head-on.
We will not allow the NHS or third parties under contract to employ home care workers on zero hour contracts of  any kind.
Neither will we allow them to end up being paid less than the minimum wage because they are expected to travel between appointments in ‘their own time.’
We will insist they are paid for the entire time they are on duty.
We believe that as Britain’s largest employer, the NHS should set an example.
PENSIONS
Pensions have changed considerably since 2010.
The state pension has been simplified to a single-tier.
The need to apply for pension credit (which often went unclaimed) has been removed.
The ‘triple lock’ now guarantees the state pension will increase each year by  the higher of inflation, earnings or 2.5 per cent.
There is greater flexibility in how  personal pensions can be accessed.
These are all welcome reforms.
Raising the retirement age to 66 by 2020 and to 67 by 2028 is hugely unpopular.
It has been especially tough for women, who until 2010 could retire at 60.
Also, millions of people who can now withdraw unlimited amounts from their personal pension pot may not be well-informed enough to make the best onward investments, or avoid falling victim to scams.
FLEXIBLE STATE PENSION AGE
When you have looked forward to retirement, short-notice changes to the state pension age can wreck long-term plans.
UKIP will give pensioners some choice over the age at which they choose to retire.
We will introduce a flexible state pension window, which will widen over time, so even when the state pension age increases to 69, pensioners will still be able to take a slightly lower weekly state pension from the age of 65.
Pensioners will know how much less they will be paid at the time they make their decision.
At the moment, you can delay taking your state pension in return for a slightly higher amount, so UKIP’s proposal merely extends the option in the other direction.
This proposal will be cost-neutral to the state over time.
A flexible state pension window already works well in other countries, notably Italy, Norway, Sweden and Finland, so there is no reason why it will not work in the UK.
PERSONAL PENSION ADVICE
With greater freedom over personal pensions comes individual responsibility for retirement finance planning.
Historically, people have had limited options of when to draw down funds from their personal plans.
Most were forced to take out an annuity, paid out evenly, over the course of their retirement.
Pensioners will now be making complex decisions about when and how much to take from their pension pots and, before doing so, they need expert advice to make sound, well-informed choices.
All pensioners get from the current government is 45 minutes of advice provided by the Pensions Advisory Service or Citizens Advice Bureau.
This is completely inadequate when potentially life-changing decisions are at stake.
UKIP will fund a higher standard of independent advice available to all pensioners.
We will double the budget for guidance in 2015/16 from £30 million to £60 million,
and treble the 2016/17 budget from £10 million to £30 million.
In consultation with bodies such as the Chartered Insurance Institute and the Personal Finance Society, we will develop a pensions advice and seminar programme that will help protect pensioners’ best interests and savings.
ANTI-SCAMMING RULES
A further concern is that pensioners with limited financial experience may become the victims of mis-selling when they cash in their pension pots and have access to potentially large sums of money.
To prevent mis-selling, UKIP will make it a criminal offence to cold call someone in respect of their pension arrangements.
This will not affect regulated advisors or pension schemes where there is already an existing relationship with a client.
Rogue, unregulated operators must not be allowed to take advantage of pensioners while lining their own pockets.
WAR WIDOWS’ PENSIONS
On 8th November 2014, the Government announced that war widows and widowers would receive a war widows’ pension for life, even after remarriage, with effect from April 2015.
However, this change was not retrospective and is therefore manifestly unfair.
We will give all war widows and widowers a war pension, regardless of when they may have remarried.
WELFARE AND DISABILITY
“Circumstances can conspire against any one of us to leave us unemployed, seriously ill and unable to work, perhaps even facing bankruptcy and homelessness.
UKIP is fully committed to maintaining a strong and supportive safety net for those who fall on hard times, whether through any fault of their own or not.”
We want to see a welfare system that is fairer, simpler and less open to abuse.
Our approach is one that firmly opposes the ‘benefits lifestyle’ but also addresses the current welfare regime, which has produced unjust outcomes.
Our common sense approach to benefits includes: - Supporting a lower cap on benefits
Cracking down on benefit fraud
Ending welfare tourism with a five-year ban on benefits for migrants
Stopping child benefit being paid to children who don’t live in the UK
Limiting child benefit to two children for new claimants.
HOUSING BENEFITS
The ‘bedroom tax’ is clearly unfair and is not working.
Changes to the way housing benefit is paid are leading some tenants to fall into debt.
The Conservative threat to withdraw Housing Benefit from the under-25s may cause even more suffering.
UKIP will: Scrap the ‘bedroom tax’
Continue to pay Housing Benefit to young people under the age of 25
Give tenants the right to request Housing Benefit is paid direct to their landlords, whatever benefit scheme they are on.
DISABILITY BENEFITS
UKIP is fully committed to protecting the rights of disabled people, as set out in Article 19 of the United Nations Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities.
We wholly endorse the right of the disabled to access in-home, residential and community support services and we support their inclusion in our communities.
We also recognise that there will always be disabled people who are unable to work and we are committed to supporting them through a fair and fit-for-purpose welfare system.
We will end unfair ATOS-style Work Capability Assessments and return assessments to GPs or appropriate specialist consultants, who have full access to patients’ medical records and are likely to know the patient.
We believe this makes them the best person to undertake assessments and we will ensure they are adequately funded and resourced to take on this task.
We will also: Require GPs/specialists to notify the Department for Work and Pensions when they believe a patient is well enough to return to work, by issuing a ‘fit note’
Remove ‘tick-box’ and quota arrangements from sickness and disability assessments, thereby streamlining and speeding up the assessment processes
and continually respecting claimants throughout the process
SUPPORTING CARERS
Millions give up work, or work reduced hours, to care for elderly or disabled relatives.
In doing so, they make a huge contribution to society, although often at great personal and financial cost.
We will: Increase Carers’ Allowance from £62.10 per week to match the higher level of Job Seekers Allowance, currently £73.10 per week, an extra £572 per year
Improve carers’ access to support by sharing information on benefit and social care entitlements and support groups across all public services.
INVESTING IN FOODBANKS
It is deeply regrettable that there is increasing demand for foodbanks in 21st century Britain.
If those who attend foodbanks are in such dire straits that they need food handouts, there is a high likelihood that they will also need additional support to deal with issues such as debt, family breakdown, addiction and poor physical or mental health.
Many will need employment or legal advice.
We will therefore contribute to the important work done by foodbanks and develop them into community advice centres for those most in need.
UKIP will train and fund the cost of 800 advisers to work in 800 foodbanks, so the poorest in our society have free and easy access to timely help in their hour of need.
We will also exempt foodbanks and charity shops from charges imposed by local authorities to dispose of unwanted food waste and other goods.
They are not ‘businesses’ in the sense most of us understand the term and therefore should not be expected to pay fees for waste disposal.
CHILDCARE AND THE FAMILY
“UKIP believes supporting children and families is a prerequisite for a strong and healthy society.
Families are important, in all their diversity, and we want to help create a society in which they thrive and where childcare provision is affordable and accessible for all parents, whatever their socio-economic status.”
Good childcare benefits parents, helps child development and supports our economy.
UKIP’s vision for childcare is a system where parents, teachers, schools, nurseries, children’s centres, local authorities, childcare providers and businesses all work together to make provision as affordable, flexible, available and as high-quality as possible.
The policies of current and previous governments have been counterproductive in many ways: over-regulation has helped create an acute shortage of places and voucher systems have contributed to pushing up the cost of childcare.
UK childcare costs are now the most expensive in Europe, and among the highest in the world.
Costs can be crippling for ordinary families.
What is  the point of having a childcare system that is so expensive it does not pay  to work?
Children from socially deprived backgrounds are adversely affected because their applications for places are most likely to be turned down, especially if parents are unable to pay for ‘top-ups’ such as meals, nappies and so on.
Childcare provision is also complex and fragmented.
Several government departments oversee different schemes providing help with childcare costs.
Parents may struggle to work out which type of childcare funding system will work best for them.
Those on modest incomes who work hard may find they ‘fall through the gaps.’
Parents who are self-employed, agency workers, those on zero-hours contracts or commission are most likely to be affected, as any rise in income may prove punitive, depending on which childcare support scheme has been chosen.
A simpler system, more responsive to families’ changing needs and with integrated sources of funding, must be initiated at the earliest opportunity,
alongside proposals to reduce the cost of childcare and increase the number of childcare places, while giving parents more choice.
We will initiate a full review of childcare provision.
EARLY YEARS CHILDCARE
UKIP will continue to fund the current childcare offer of fifteen hours a week of free childcare at a nursery, preschool, or for a childminder, for all three to four year olds,
and for all two-year olds whose parent are on certain benefits.
We will also honour the current Government’s commitment to providing a new tax-free childcare scheme, worth up to £2,000 for children under twelve.
However, we will amend the voucher scheme in order to address the shortage of places and cut the cost to both parents and the state, by de-regulating childcare provision.
At the moment, if parents want to claim their free childcare entitlement, they must place their child with an Ofsted-registered childminder.
UKIP will remove this requirement and allow parents to use any third-party, non-related child carer they feel comfortable placing their child with, provided the care provided can be proven to be genuine.
This is intended to encourage experienced parents whose own children have grown up, for instance, or who would like to combine looking after other people’s children alongside their own, to offer childcare.
Our plans will also make it cost-effective for parents to hire a nanny if they have more than one young child, or enable parents to club together to hire a nanny.
While parents should of course make their own enquiries as to the suitability of informal providers, in the same way they would check out a babysitter, we will require informal child carers to satisfy the following criteria to benefit from the voucher scheme: -
They must pass a Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check
They must hold relevant household and public liability insurance
They must not look after more than six children up to the age of eight (including any of their own children), of which a maximum of three can be under fives
A single childminder may only care for one child under one year old
The building from which they operate (unless it is the child’s own home) must be notified to the local authority and be subject to spot checks.
This combination of de-regulation, practical solutions and incentives will reduce childcare costs,
increase childcare availability
and make it easier for parents to find flexible childcare that works around their working hours and lifestyle.
CREATING MORE NURSERY PLACES
UKIP will make consideration of the necessity to include nursery or creche provision an essential part of the planning process for large developments.
We will also amend planning legislation to ensure planning applications for family housing developments of forty homes or more, without dedicated garden space for each unit, will be required to include a communal play area in each scheme.
We will also allow office space to be converted to nursery facilities under permitted development rights.
We will also ask employers to pool nursery provisions for all families within the local community, where ever possible.
Tackling excessive regulation without compromising child safety is a priority.
Nurseries are often small businesses and we would prefer owners to be focused on childcare, rather than drowning in paperwork.
CHILDCARE FOR SCHOOL-AGE CHILDREN
For parents of school-age children, extending the school day by offering wrap-around childcare will offer enormous benefits to working parents, for whom it is likely to be by far the most sensible and convenient childcare option.
We will place a statutory duty on all primary schools to offer before and after-school care from 8am to 6pm during term time, with the option to extend this to all-day provision throughout the school holidays.
Sessions will include breakfast and healthy snacks.
Sadly, anecdotal evidence suggests significant numbers of teachers are seeing pupils arrive at school hungry.
Schools can choose how they facilitate before and after-school care.
They can provide it themselves; partner with external childcare providers; or allow parents to club together.
There will be no cost to the school, as parents will pay for the cost of childcare themselves or use the voucher scheme.
EMERGENCY CHILDCARE
Local authorities will be required to keep a register of child care providers willing to offer emergency childcare cover at short notice, during atypical hours, overnight, or at weekends.
This will help families who need to access high quality care during unsocial hours, in an emergency, when they are called to a job interview at short notice, or when they are working away from home, for example.
THE CARE SYSTEM
UKIP will reform the care system so the 68,000 children in care in the UK (including 3,600 under the age of one) can find stability through fostering and adoption in a faster, more efficient way.
We will extend the provisions of the Children and Families Act 2014, which gives children in care the choice to stay with their foster families until they turn 21, to children in homes, so they too have the same opportunity.
FATHERS AND FAMILIES
UKIP wants fathers to be more involved in their children’s lives.
To help prevent thousands of fathers losing contact with their children each year when couples break up, UKIP will legislate for an initial presumption of 50-50 shared parenting in child residency matters.
Grandparents will also be given visiting rights, unless it can be shown to the satisfaction of the Family Court that there is a good reason to withhold such rights.
We will also review the Family Court system, with the intention of implementing independent lay oversight of Family Courts, to ensure that necessary confidentiality does not prevent proper scrutiny in this and all areas of Family Law.
A FAR-REACHING CHILD CARE REVIEW
A misplaced sensitivity to issues of race and religion, combined with fear, has been shown to have stopped many investigations into the abuse of children.
There is also concern among the public at rising levels of ‘forced’ adoptions.
Some of those charged with protecting children in care are letting serious cases of abuse and maltreatment slip through the net.
Our children’s wellbeing lags behind many of our European neighbours and we are seeing alarming rates of self-harm and poor mental health.
UKIP is committed to bringing forward a full, open review of all childcare and child protection services in Britain, with a view to initiating wholesale reform of a system that is clearly failing.
Our children deserve better and UKIP will investigate failings without fear or favour to deliver a safer, brighter, fairer future for our children.
EDUCATION
“UKIP’s vision for British education is of a world-renowned system;
a system designed to allow young people to perform to the best of their ability, regardless of background, gender, race, wealth or class.”
It is morally wrong that five independent fee-paying schools should send more students to Oxbridge than the worst performing two thousand secondary schools combined
and that more students from the state sector attended Oxbridge in the 1960s than do so now.
We believe it is the duty of the state to ensure high quality education is provided for all.
To achieve this, we will build our education policy upon three key principles: -
1.  Education must be responsive to individual needs
Children have widely different aptitudes and capabilities and, crucially, they develop at different rates.
Our school system and our whole approach to education should be more flexible than it is now.
2.  Good teachers are paramount The quality of education is almost entirely dependent on the quality of teaching.
We need the best people to choose to teach and we need to keep them teaching.
To achieve this, we must ensure not only that teachers are well-prepared for a teaching career, but also that they have a high status in society and feel valued.
3.  The importance of primary education
A child’s first experience of education is vitally important, as this is when the pattern for learning is laid down and when literacy and good social skills are established.
CUTTING TEACHERS’ WORKLOAD
Too many teachers are working excessive hours and struggling to find an acceptable work-life balance.
We do not want stressed, overworked teachers in our classrooms.
Their workloads must be eased.
We will decrease the amount of paperwork teachers deal with, such as overly detailed individual lesson plans, data collection, excessive internal assessments and dialogue-based marking schemes.
The plethora of centralised targets will be streamlined and lesson observations limited to a maximum of one each term, except when there are concerns about teaching performance that appraisal processes have been unable to address.
Enforcing the current restriction on class sizes to thirty pupils and aiming to reduce this to twenty-five pupils over time, will further ease teacher workloads – not least when it comes to marking -
as well as ease parental concerns about large class sizes.
We will scrap teachers’ performance-related pay, which the NUT describes as having ‘increased bureaucracy and working hours’ and does not adequately reflect teaching ability.
PRIMARY EDUCATION
UKIP will abolish Key Stage 1 SATs, set at the age of seven, as these tests have destructive, unintended consequences:
they encourage ‘teaching to the test,’
they narrow the curriculum and,
often, they put pressure on teachers to concentrate disproportionate resources and time on borderline pupils.
Worst of all, these tests create anxiety for everyone – children, teachers, parents, school governors – at exactly the time when children should be learning to learn, to enjoy the experience and to think of school as a fun and rewarding place to be.
To increase the uptake of science learning at secondary level, we will follow the recommendations of the Campaign for Science and Engineering and require every primary school to nominate (and train, if necessary) a science leader to inspire and equip the next generation.
This role will also help to address the gender imbalance in the scientific subjects.
SEX EDUCATION
We support age-appropriate sex and relationship education at secondary level, but not for primary school children.
There is a world of difference between teaching young children about online safety or telling them no one else is allowed to touch the private parts of their body, which is a sensible way to help prevent and encourage reporting of abuse and going into too much detail.
The latter risks sexualising childhood, causing confusion and anxiety, and encouraging experimentation.
We will also rule that all parents must be made fully aware of the sex education teaching materials being used, before their children see it,
and we will continue to respect their right to withdraw children from sex-education classes if they wish.
UKIP 2015 MANIFESTO > PAGE 30 SECONDARY EDUCATION
UKIP will push for a range of different types of school, including grammar, vocational, technical and specialist secondary schools within a geographical area.
This will make our secondary school system more responsive to the differing aptitudes, capabilities and speed of development of our children.
GRAMMAR SCHOOLS
In stark contrast to the other main parties, who have persistently campaigned against them, UKIP supports grammar schools.
Demand for places far outstrips supply and UKIP will give existing secondary schools the opportunity to become grammar schools.
Many pupils learn best in a rigorous academic environment and the system can improve social mobility for able children from poorer backgrounds.
We want to foster academic education among bright poorer students still further,
and ultimately, UKIP wants to see a grammar school in every town.
We recognise that the old 11+ selective system was not perfect, so we will ensure attendance is not based on a onetime fixed test and introduce transfer examinations taken later at ages 12, 13 and 16, to pick up pupils who develop in an academic direction, but at a slightly slower pace.
VOCATIONAL EDUCATION
As well as allowing existing schools to become grammar schools, we will allow other establishments to become vocational schools or colleges similar to those promoted in Germany and The Netherlands, so pupils develop practical skills.
Further, by linking vocational schools and colleges with industry, we will introduce an option for students to take an apprenticeship qualification instead of four non-core GCSEs.
Students can then continue their apprenticeships past the age of 16, working with certified professionals qualified to grade their progress.
With regard to secondary education, we will also:
Reintroduce the Intermediate tier at GCSE Mathematics, to ensure Foundation and Intermediate tiers are skills-based and that the Higher tier is a rigorous preparation for A Level
Abolish the AS level exam as a stepping stone to a full ‘A’ level, while retaining it as a standalone qualification in its own right for those who choose to approach it as such.
If young students want to take a full ‘A’ level, they may as well start the essential in-depth learning immediately and escape the stressful treadmill of continuous examinations from 16 onwards.
This move has the additional advantage of releasing an extra six weeks of lessons during the summer term between GCSEs and A levels
Make First Aid training a statutory part of Personal, Social and Health Education (PSHE) in the national curriculum.
We will learn from the French system where pupils can obtain a ‘Basic Life-Saving Diploma’ at the end of secondary school.
This will include instruction in Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation for all secondary school pupils
Fund all secondary schools according to a single formula, taking into account Special Educational Needs, to ensure underfunding such as that for secondary moderns in the 1950s can never be repeated.
SPECIAL EDUCATIONAL NEEDS (SEN)
The policy of closing special schools will be reversed.
Every child is unique and the needs of each child should come first.
Those who learn better in a tailored, non-mainstream environment should have the opportunity to do so.
OFSTED
Ofsted inspections will be streamlined to focus on the quality of teaching, learning and the overall wellbeing of children, rather than paperwork, school policies or tick-box targets.
Inspections will be shorter, classroom-orientated, and more transparent.
We will continue to monitor British values, but with a view towards combatting extremism and radicalisation, rather than criticising widely-held Judeo-Christian beliefs.
Teachers with at least fifteen years’ successful classroom experience will be prioritised when Ofsted inspectors are recruited:
teachers are right to question whether they should be judged by those who have less classroom experience than themselves.
Schools will be subject to additional investigations by Ofsted if 25 per cent of parents or governors present a petition to the Department for Education.
An independent body will hear complaints about an Ofsted inspection.
We will remove Ofsted’s right to investigate itself.
HIGHER EDUCATION
Previous government policies of pursuing higher education targets and introducing tuition fees have had a crippling effect on our young people’s finances and job prospects.
The average student now leaves university with a debt of £44,000, yet students are less likely to find a graduate-level job than ever before.
47 per cent of recent graduates were ‘under-employed’ in 2013, as opposed to just 37 per cent in 2001.
This marks a 27 per cent increase in the inability of graduates to get a job utilising or requiring their degree qualification.
The taxpayer fares little better: 45 per cent of all student loans have to be written-off.
To combat this growing problem, UKIP will drop the arbitrary 50 per cent target for school leavers going to university.
We will not increase the current level of undergraduate courses until we can be sure there are sufficient vacancies in the economy to provide at least two-thirds of students with skilled graduate jobs.
We will also encourage students to choose careers that will help fill the current skills’ gap, to both benefit Britain and set them on the path to a solid, prosperous career.
UK students taking approved degrees in Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics and Medicine (STEMM), mainly at universities funded by the Higher Education Funding Council for England, will not have to repay their tuition fees.
This is on condition that they work in their discipline and pay tax in the UK for at least five years, after they complete their degrees.
Accordingly, UKIP will adjust the number of STEMM subjects funded to allow for a greater uptake of these subjects.
INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS
We are currently obliged to give tuition fee loans to EEA students as a condition of our EU membership, but as of March 2013, only 11 per cent of EU domiciled students were making any repayments.
As student loans include a huge subsidy from the taxpayer and because repayment rates are so low, we will not give tuition fee loans to EEA students when we leave the EU.
They will of course be welcome to apply for places at UK universities as self-supporting international students.
PARENTAL CHOICE
UKIP supports the right of parents to home-school their children, if they choose to do.
We will support and fund free schools, provided they are open to the whole local community,
uphold British values
and do not discriminate against any section of society.
BELIEVE in BRITAIN
HOUSING AND THE ENVIRONMENT
“UKIP is the only party to recognise that a house needs to be built every seven minutes to meet demand.
The housing shortage is leading to higher rents, less stable tenancies, and rising homelessness.
This is completely unsustainable.”
There is a dire shortage of affordable housing in Britain.
Many of those who would like to own their own home are simply unable to even contemplate it.
They are ‘locked out’ of home ownership.
Social housing waiting lists get longer and longer.
The Thatcher era saw a dramatic extension in home ownership, but with a corresponding decline in social housing, as proceeds from the ‘Right to Buy’ initiative were not reinvested back into community housing.
Only 23 per cent of properties are deemed ‘affordable’ nationally, but the situation is even worse in the countryside, where only 5 per cent of rural properties are affordable and social housing is more difficult to find.
Yet no-one wants to see our green fields concreted over, or the beauty of our rural landscape destroyed.
UKIP will introduce policies to incentivise the creation of more affordable housing,
while protecting rural communities and preserving our precious countryside.
BRINGING EMPTY HOMES BACK INTO USE
Housing charity Shelter reports there are 279,000 privately-owned long-term empty homes in England alone, while other bodies, such as the Empty Homes Agency, put the figure much higher still.
The most obvious way to create new homes is by bringing these empty homes back into use.
We will place a statutory duty on local authorities to:
Include a commitment to bringing empty properties back into use within their broader housing and planning strategies
Charge those whose homes are empty for more than two years 50 per cent more than the applicable rate of council tax,
with exceptions for owners who are in HM Armed Forces.
INCENTIVISING BROWNFIELD DEVELOPMENT
It would be possible to build up to 2.5 million houses on brownfield sites, if developers were less reluctant to take advantage of this rich source of potential housing land.
Problems with remediation of derelict land that has had a previous use and may have contamination issues to address can be off-putting to potential developers.
This is  despite the fact technology to  clean up sites and make them fit for new development is now readily available.
We will take steps to remove the barriers to brownfield builds with the aim of building one million homes on brownfield sites by 2025 to address the current housing shortage.
UKIP will require the Environment Agency to compile a National Brownfield Sites Register and provide a remediation assessment where appropriate.
The following financial incentives will be offered to encourage developers to build on brownfield sites:
Grants of up to £10,000 per unit will be available to developers to carry out essential remediation work.
Properties built on registered brownfield sites will be exempt from stamp duty on first sale, up to the £250,000 threshold.
A grant to cover the cost of indemnity insurance will also be available to developers of decontaminated land.
To further incentivise brownfield development, local authorities will be allowed to keep the New Homes Bonus beyond six years on brownfield sites.
BUILDING AFFORDABLE HOMES
We will increase the supply of affordable housing by:
Identifying long-term dormant land held by central and local government so it can be released for affordable developments
Relax planning regulations for the conversion of off-high road commercial and office space and other existing buildings to affordable residential use.
While these measures will help address the housing shortage, we cannot just build our way out of the housing crisis.
Our housing policy needs to be seen within a wider context of addressing the issue of supply and demand.
Controlling the numbers of new migrants coming to Britain is one important part of the housing jigsaw.
TACKLING HOMELESSNESS
There are no clear national statistics to tell us how many people are homeless in the UK.
To give an indication of the scale of the problem, the Autumn 2014 total of rough sleeping counts and estimates in England was 2,744, according to the government.
This was an increase of 14 per cent on 2013 figures.
Meanwhile, 112,070 people declared themselves homeless in England in 2013/4.
The scale of homelessness in 2015 is morally reprehensible and UKIP will seek to eliminate this national scandal.
Tackling homelessness starts with knowing who and where homeless people are, so they can be offered housing and other life opportunities.
We will establish a National Homeless Register to make it easier for those of no fixed abode to claim welfare entitlements;
get access to medical and dental services;
and enable support services to identify those at risk of physical, psychological and sexual abuse.
LOCAL HOMES FOR LOCAL PEOPLE
UKIP will encourage moves by local authorities to prioritise people with strong local connections when making housing allocations.
We will relieve pressure on social housing waiting lists by preventing foreign nationals from obtaining access to social housing until they have lived here and paid UK Tax and National Insurance for a minimum of five years.
This restriction will not apply to foreign nationals with current social housing tenancies.
RIGHT TO BUY AND HELP TO BUY
UKIP supports the principle of extending home ownership and giving people the right to own the homes they may have lived in for generations as social housing tenants.
We will plough 100 per cent of all revenue from Right to Buy sales, after essential costs have been paid back, into new community housing.
We will not allow non-British nationals access to the Right to Buy or Help to Buy schemes, unless they have served in Her Majesty’s Armed Forces.
Given that Britain’s social housing stock is so massively oversubscribed, we do not believe it is either sensible or fair to give foreign nationals the opportunity to obtain social housing stock, buy their home at a discount and then sell it for an untaxed profit before moving back abroad.
All local authorities, social landlords and housing associations will be required to register the nationality of their tenants in order to ensure this policy works in practice.
In the same way, only British citizens will be permitted to access Help to Buy schemes.
PROTECTING OUR COUNTRYSIDE
UKIP will not allow new housing to strip our nation of prime agricultural land.
This must be kept for its primary purpose, creating a secure food supply for Britain and for export.
Neither will we allow the countryside to be swamped by over-development:
we believe strongly that our countryside must be preserved so it can be enjoyed by future generations.
We will replace the current National Planning Policy Framework  (NPPF) and introduce fresh national planning guidelines that will prioritise brownfield sites for new housing and genuinely protect the green belt
The NPPF as it stands is disastrous for the environment.
It has given developers the green light to build just about anywhere and seriously restricts the ability of local authorities to refuse planning permission for inappropriate developments.
The Tories promised ‘localism,’ in their 2010 Manifesto, saying they would give more power to local people but, in reality, their planning policies have stripped powers away from communities.
UKIP genuinely supports local communities having a greater say over what happens in their locality and we will:
Free local authorities from government-imposed minimum housing numbers
Reverse current policies of facilitating large-scale rural residential developments,
Promote smaller 6-12 unit developments in rural areas to extend existing villages
Encourage local authorities to require a proportion of self-build plots to be provided in all large developments
Allow large-scale developments to be overturned by a binding local referendum triggered by the signatures of 5 per cent of electors within a planning authority area, collected within three months
Reduce the cost and bureaucracy of planning applications by merging Planning and Building Control departments in local authorities.
SUPPORTING HOMEOWNERS
UKIP will change the law to allow mortgages to become inheritable, as they are in other countries.
This will allow lenders to resume lending to older borrowers.
UKIP will not introduce any form of ‘Mansion Tax.’
TRANSPORT
“Ours is a nation always on the move.
Whether our daily journey takes us on the school run or on a long, cross-country haul, everyone needs a reliable, cost-efficient transport network.
We do not need extortionate vanity projects or excessive regulations and motorists should not feel as if they are being used as cash cows to boost national or local government funds.”
IT IS TIME TO SCRAP HS2
In October 2013, Lord Mandelson, speaking in the House of Lords about the Labour government’s decision to instigate the HS2 high-speed rail-link confessed that: “It was a political trophy project justified on flimsy evidence.”
HS2 is running out of control.
UKIP will stop this flawed vanity scheme in its tracks.
The estimated cost is already £50 billion and HS2 Ltd is planning to spend over £800m in 2015/2016, before the project even gets the final go-ahead.
The Government’s own estimates show the cost will never be recouped.
HS2 will blight thousands of homes and wreak irreparable environmental damage across large tracts of central England.
The argument that HS2 is needed to provide extra capacity has just weeks ago been questioned by the House of Lords Economic Affairs Committee, which concluded that: ‘the Government has not made a convincing case for why this particular project should go ahead.’
There is barely any evidence that HS2 will reduce the North-South divide:
the north would get much quicker and higher benefit from investment in the infrastructure between northern towns and cities.
HS2 is an unaffordable white elephant and, given other, far more pressing calls on public expenditure, such as the NHS, social care and defence, not to mention the need to reduce the deficit, it must face the axe.
LONDON AIRPORTS AND THE SOUTH EAST
The final report of the Davies Commission into airport capacity and connectivity in the UK will be published later this year.
UKIP will consider its recommendations and then take a position on the basis of what we genuinely believe to be in the long-term best interests of the country.
However, we firmly believe that part of the solution to address the lack of airport capacity in the South East is to re-open Manston Airport.
Manston is ideally placed to take low-cost airlines and freight-only aircraft;
it is close to the railway network;
enjoys good connections to Ashford International;
will release additional capacity in the region;
and take pressure off other airports.
SPEED CAMERAS AND ROAD SAFETY
UKIP will only allow installation of speed cameras when they can be used as a deterrent at accident black spots, near schools and in residential areas where there are specific potential dangers.
We will not permit speed cameras to be used as revenue-raisers for local authorities.
ENDING ROAD TOLLS
We will remove road tolls where possible and let existing contracts on running road tolls expire.
Motorists are already taxed highly enough through fuel and vehicle taxes.
BIG BROTHER ‘PAY-AS-YOU-GO’ PLANS
UKIP opposes ‘pay-as-you-go’ road charging schemes and attempts to introduce them by stealth.
From October 2015, the EU will require all new cars to be fitted with the ‘eCall’ system.
Ostensibly a road safety measure, this system tracks vehicles using GPS and reports back to a central database.
This capability would enable introduction of a Europe-wide road pricing system, on a miles travelled basis, which the EU Transport Commissioner is keen to introduce.
We will scrap mandatory fitments of eCall and allow owners who already have eCall installed to disable it on their vehicles.
SUPPORTING OUR HAULAGE INDUSTRY
The Driver Certificate of Professional Competence (DCPC) is an expensive second-tier requirement, which is causing job losses, because of the added administration and expense to hauliers.
We will scrap the DCPC for professionally licensed drivers.
THE HGV ROAD USER LEVY
This levy currently applies to HGV vehicles registered both in the UK and other EU countries, to comply with various EU directives.
After leaving the EU the levy would cease to apply to UK vehicles, but the Vehicle Excise Duty on UK vehicles would be adjusted by the equivalent amount to make this aspect of the change revenue neutral for both UK hauliers and the government.
The current levy tariff will then be doubled to a maximum of £2000 per annum and only apply to foreign registered HGVs.
This change will help UK hauliers to compete with European hauliers entering the UK, loaded with cheaper fuel bought on the Continent.
It will achieve exactly the same effect as UKIP’s original ‘Britdisc’ proposal.
CARING FOR CLASSIC CARS
To help protect the enduring legacy of the motor industry and our classic and historic vehicles, UKIP will exempt vehicles over 25 years old from Vehicle Excise Duty.
ENERGY
“The three old parties collude to reinforce failing energy policies that will do nothing to reduce global emissions, but which will bring hardship to British families.
Their ‘green’ agenda does not make them friends of the earth;  it makes them enemies of the people.”
While our major global competitors - the USA, China, India - are switching to low-cost fossil fuels, we are forced to close perfectly good coal-fired power stations to meet unattainable targets for renewable capacity.
If we carry on like this, the lights are likely to go out.
Why? Because the 2008 Climate Change Act, an Act rooted in EU folly, drives up costs, undermines competitiveness and hits jobs and growth.
Dubbed ‘the most expensive piece of legislation in British history,’ the government’s own figures put the cost of the Act at £18 billion a year over 40 years, or £720 billion between 2010 and 2050.
The Climate Change Act is doing untold damage.
UKIP will repeal it.
We will also scrap the Large Combustion Plant Directive and stop the EU’s planned Medium Combustion Plant Directive.
Both attempt to close down secure, reliable and economical electricity generation and replace it with expensive, intermittent, unreliable renewables.
We will encourage the re-development of British power stations and industrial units providing on-site power generation.
To deliver secure, affordable energy supplies, we support a diverse energy market based on coal, nuclear, shale gas, conventional gas, oil, solar and hydro, as well as other renewables where these can be delivered at competitive prices.
SHALE GAS: TIME TO GET ‘FRACKING’
UKIP supports the development of shale gas, provided safeguards are in place to protect local communities and the environment.
Community Infrastructure Levy income from shale gas operations will be earmarked for lower Council Taxes or local community projects.
No energy extraction technology is perfectly safe, but shale gas operations in the USA for instance, where tens of thousands of shale wells have been drilled and fracked over five decades, have proved remarkably unproblematic, especially so by comparison to other methods of energy extraction.
What is clearly unsafe is the UK’s over-dependence on imports from politically unstable countries.
In the interests of energy security alone, the prospect of home-grown shale gas is an enormous opportunity it would be irresponsible to ignore.
We will levy Petroleum Revenue Tax (currently 50 per cent) on any shale profits and invest the income into a Sovereign Wealth Fund.
Norway takes this approach, with great success.
RENEWABLE ENERGY
UKIP supports and will invest in renewables, where they can deliver electricity at competitive prices.
At the moment, the only major renewable technology that meets this test for affordability is hydro,
so we will withdraw taxpayer and consumer subsidies for new wind turbines and solar photovoltaic arrays, while respecting existing contractual arrangements.
Wind power is hopelessly inefficient and wind farms rely heavily on reserve back-up from conventional power sources.
They have blighted landscapes and put money into the pockets of wealthy landowners and investors, while pushing up bills for the rest of us.
INVESTING IN COAL
The British coal industry once employed one million miners.
Now, all three remaining deep coal mines in Britain are set to close by 2016, at a cost of 2,000 jobs, despite having many years of productive life left and regardless of our continuing need for coal.
30 per cent of our electricity is still produced from coal and we will be dependent on fossil fuels for many more years to come.
If we are to have energy security and cheap, plentiful, reliable sources of energy, coal must be part of the solution.
Bearing this in mind, UKIP will: Set up a commission to investigate ways to assist and rejuvenate the coal industry
Seek to secure the survival and expansion of our indigenous coal industry in the form of deep, opencast and drift mining
Drop all subsidies for wind and solar power, to ensure a level playing field for coal
Discontinue the carbon floor tax on the basis that production for coal fired power stations is combined with carbon capture and storage
Halt the decline of coal power stations and seek private funding to develop new, efficient plants.
CUTTING FUEL BILLS
In 2014, the government forced energy companies to add nearly £3.2 billion onto energy bills to finance their energy and climate change policies:
that will have doubled to a staggering £9.8 billion by 2020, amounting to an extra £197 going onto our average domestic fuel bills.
UKIP will abolish green taxes and levies
and withdraw from the EU’s Emissions Trading Scheme,
reducing fuel bills and enhancing industrial competitiveness at a stroke.
We will also make the way you pay your bill fairer, by stopping energy companies charging extra for customers who use prepayment meters, who do not pay by direct debit, or who require paper billing.
EMPLOYMENT
“Being in the European Union is damaging the prospects for British workers.
Uncontrolled mass immigration has driven down wages and for many jobs, the minimum wage is now the maximum wage.
Meanwhile, fewer new jobs are being created because of excess EU regulations.
British workers will fare much better when we are out of the EU.”
In 2007, the Peugeot factory in Ryton, Coventry, closed and moved production to Slovakia.
This cost 2,300 jobs.
The EU pumped £78 million in subsidies into the new factory, while Brussels sat on a request for a UK subsidy of just £14 million, for two years.
Prime Minister Tony Blair claimed the closure was the ‘inevitable casualty of globalisation,’ but in fact the EU had made a conscious choice to boost the economy of Slovakia, at the expense of the UK.
In 2012, Ford moved transit van production to non-EU Turkey with the help of an £80 million loan from the European Investment Bank.
500 jobs were lost in Southampton and 750 in Dagenham.
The sale of Royal Mail in 2013 and subsequent post office closures where both driven by the EU Postal Services Directive.
1,300 Jobs have reportedly been lost.
These are just three examples of how interference from the EU leads to British job losses.
British workers are suffering: Eurostat, the EU’s own data service, revealed last year that EU migrants are more likely to be in work in Britain than Britons themselves.
If we add to this the downward pressure on wages that has resulted from mass immigration, it is clear remaining in the EU is not favourable to British workers.
By leaving the EU and restricting immigration through the use of an Australian-style points based system, we will give back some hope to British workers for a brighter future.
UKIP will: Restrict  access  to  EURES,  the  EU-wide  jobs  portal  that  has become the ‘go-to’ source for employers looking for cheap labour from overseas
End  the  availability  of  EU  relocation  grants  of  up  to  €1,000 for migrants to come and work in Britain
Allow  British  businesses  to  choose  to  employ  British  citizens first.
Enforce  the  minimum  wage
and  reverse  the  Government cuts in the number of minimum wage inspectors in both England and Wales
WORKERS’ RIGHTS
Leaving the EU will not mean workers’ employment rights will be removed, simply that they will be adopted into UK law.
Some EU directives, such as the Working Time Directive, need amending because they actively restrict the British work ethos and therefore our economy,
but UKIP will protect workers’ rights.
ZERO-HOURS CONTRACTS
The use of zero-hours contracts proliferated following the imposition of the EU’s Temporary Agency Workers Directive, which demanded agency workers were given the same workplace rights as employees.
Zero-hours contracts enabled businesses to escape this edict.
EU legislation, intended to benefit temporary workers, in fact ended up penalising them.
Because UKIP recognises that zero-hours contracts suit many people, we will not ban them.
We do, however, take a very dim view of their abuse and will introduce a legally binding Code of Conduct stipulating the following:
Businesses  hiring  50  people  or  more  must  give  workers  on zero-hours contracts either a full or part-time secure contract after one year, if the workers involved request it
There  must  be  no  exclusivity  clauses  in  any  zero-hours  contract.
To prevent people from working elsewhere when they have no guarantee of regular work, will be banned
Workers  on  zero-hours  contracts  must  be  given  at  least  twelve hours advance notice of work.
Once notice has been given, they must be paid for the work, regardless of whether or not they are actually needed.
Employers will not be permitted to expect a worker to turn up for work, only to be turned away again, when no work is available.
THE ‘THREE MILLION JOBS’ MYTH
Finally, a word on the pernicious myth that leaving the EU will cost three million British jobs.
This myth grew out of a report by the National Institute of Economic and Social Research (NIESR) in 2000, which concluded that 2.7 million jobs were directly related to our trade with the EU and another 500,000 were indirectly linked.
The report went on to say that: “there is no a priori reason to suppose that many of these [jobs], if any, would be lost permanently if Britain were to leave the EU.”
The report was nevertheless spun by the pro-EU lobby, which tried to suggest jobs ‘linked’ to EU trade, meant jobs were ‘dependent’ on EU membership.
The Director of NIESR repudiated their claims, describing their efforts as ‘a wilful distortion of the facts.’
Sadly, unscrupulous politicians, fully aware of the truth of the matter, still attempt to deceive.
The jobs of British people - and the jobs of the five million Europeans who work here – are not dependent on EU membership and will be safe when we leave the EU.
To say otherwise is, quite simply, dishonest.
SMALL BUSINESS
“If you run a small business, then UKIP is the party for you.
We will do everything we can to help you be competitive in Britain and the global market.”
At the start of last year, there were an estimated 5.2 million small businesses in the UK, together employing over 12 million people and having a combined turnover of £1.2 trillion.
We find our greatest innovators and entrepreneurs within our small businesses.
The businesses they start and grow will take us out of the economic turmoil we’ve suffered in recent years and back into the black.
Yet, too often, our small businesses are not supported.
They struggle to get finance to set up or expand their businesses.
Larger companies who don’t pay invoices on time, damage their cash flow.
Business rates can be prohibitively high.
Excessive regulations stream out of Brussels, adding huge administrative and financial burdens to the challenges already faced by small businesses.
All this must stop.
REDUCING BUSINESS RATES
Business rates as a tax are a great burden on business and especially so on small businesses, where they represent a disproportionately high fixed cost.
The Small Business Rate Relief currently only applies up to a rateable value of £12,000, meaning many small and medium-sized businesses receive no relief at all.
UKIP recognises this often rapidly-growing sector needs much greater support and we will change the
Small Business Rate Relief as follows:
If  a  business  has  only  one  property  and  the  rateable  value is less than £50,000, the business will get 20 per cent rate relief
If   the  business  has  more  than  one  property,  the  20  per cent rate relief will still apply, provided the total rateable value of all properties is less than £50,000
Other  existing  business  rate  reliefs  will  not  be  affected and will apply where the relief provided under those schemes is greater than 20 per cent
Almost  90  per  cent  of  business  properties,  over   1.5 million in total, have a rateable value of less than £50,000, so are potentially eligible for this 20 per cent discount.
LATE PAYMENTS
According to the Department of Business Innovation and Skills, more than £20 billion is locked up at any one time in delayed late payments from large companies (defined as a company with over 250 employees) to small suppliers of goods and services.
Small businesses find cash-flow tough enough in the current economic climate.
The last thing they need is to be bullied into providing interest-free loans to their customers.
It is not acceptable for big businesses to exploit smaller firms by deliberately delaying payments and UKIP will take firm action to stop this practice.
Existing regulations are of little practical use: small businesses are reluctant to charge interest to customers and legal proceedings are expensive, time consuming and hardly an effective way to develop business relationships.
UKIP will introduce a scheme whereby small businesses will provide evidence of repeated late payments, beyond agreed terms, together with evidence that timely requests for payments have been made, to HM Revenue and Customs.
Based on the evidence - particularly if there are multiple complaints about the same company -HMRC can then carry out an inspection of that company’s records.
The identity of the complainant company will remain confidential.
If the large company is found to be systematically exceeding its contractual terms of payment with small businesses, a sanction of significant fines, proportionate to the extent of the abuse of terms, will be levied.
Fines would escalate for repeat offenders and be noted in the offending company’s statutory accounts.
UKIP will also end a growing practice whereby large companies extend their payment terms to small companies, by arranging for their supplier to take out a bank loan to facilitate their demands.
ACCESS TO FINANCE
Despite schemes such as Funding for Lending and the Finance Guarantee, small businesses still find it difficult to secure funding in the current economic climate.
While banks do of course have to consider risk, the lack of funding for small businesses will remain a drag on growth.
Small businesses themselves have to consider what credit terms they offer to their own customers.
They are understandably fearful of bad debts.
To address both this issues, UKIP will pilot a scheme to improve access to trade credit insurance to small businesses.
This insurance already exists in the market, but can prove restrictive for smaller companies, especially in certain business sectors.
Under our scheme, existing credit insurance providers will assess risk as they do now, independent of government involvement, but government would back a portion of the risk to enable cover to be provided more widely.
The security this policy provides will give small businesses the confidence to expand trade, while enhancing the attractiveness of their loan book as a more secure asset against which banks can lend them money.
If successful, this pilot will be rolled out nationally.
ENCOURAGING LOCAL TRADE
Businesses in our town centres – and shops in particular - have suffered as a result of the dramatic increase in out-of-town trading estates and supermarkets.
UKIP believes our town centres should be vibrant and profitable and that means encouraging locals, visitors and tourists into town, by removing barriers that act as a disincentive, such as expensive or restricted parking.
We will push every local authority in the country to offer at least  30 minutes free parking in town centres, high streets and shopping parades, to encourage shoppers into our town centres and boost local business.
CUTTING RED TAPE
Massive over-regulation by the European Union impacts disproportionately on smaller businesses.
Fewer than one in ten British businesses trade with the EU, yet 100 per cent of them must comply with thousands of EU laws on employment, waste management, environmental regulations, product registration, health and safety and so on.
This burden can be overwhelming for small firms.
A report by Business for Britain concluded that 3,580 new laws passed between 11 May 2010 and 1 October 2013 affected British business, with legislation running to over 13 million words.
The EU’s most costly regulations cost Britain an estimated £27.4 billion a year, according to 2013 research by think-tank Open Europe.
The Federation of Small Business says 61 per cent of small companies cite the ‘regulatory burden’ as a significant factor when closing or downsizing.
UKIP will repeal EU Regulations and Directives that stifle business growth
We will also allow traders to sell in whatever quantities or measures they like.
Only UKIP will get us out of the EU and release enterprise from the strangulation excessive regulation.
PUBLIC SECTOR CONTRACTS
UKIP will make it easier for small and medium-sized businesses with 250 employees or less to tender for public sector contracts, by removing the necessity to demonstrate compliance in areas irrelevant to the job being tendered for.
This will benefit smaller companies and cut costs to the taxpayer.
THE BIGGER PICTURE
UKIP’s support for small businesses can be seen in many other policy areas too.
For instance, small businesses will also get a boost from our policies to: Allow  young  people  to  start  an  apprenticeship  in  place  of  four  non-core subjects at GSCE level
Abolish  tuition  fees  for  those  studying  science,  technology,  engineering, maths and medicine
Allow  employers  to  prioritise  British  citizens  for  jobs
Maintain  suitable  levels  of  immigration  to  fill  the  skills’  gap
Cut  fuel  bills  through  the  abolition  of  ‘green  levies’  to  cut   business costs.
UKIP believes in Britain’s small businesses, in its entrepreneurs, in its teams of sole traders, freelancers  and self-starters and will back them whenever  and however we can.
FARMING AND THE COUNTRYSIDE
“Farmers like myself have everything to gain by leaving the EU.
UKIP has sound policies that will put British farmers first, promote high standards in animal husbandry and help secure a vibrant, thriving agriculture sector for Britain”
Outside the EU, free of the Common Agricultural Policy (CAP) and excessive regulations,
we will be able to introduce fairer, simpler ways to support farmers.
For every £1 British agriculture receives from the CAP, the British taxpayer has already contributed £2, so we can easily continue to subsidise farmers after leaving the EU.
We can also redistribute payments away from wealthy landowners and large, often intensively farmed holdings, in favour of smaller food producers and family farms.
A NEW UK SINGLE FARM PAYMENT
UKIP will introduce a modified UK Single Farm Payment (SFP) scheme of £80 per acre for lowland farms, with comparable arrangements for lower grades of land, capped at £120,000.
Golf courses, airfields, racetracks and other non-productive areas will be excluded, as will land used for solar panels or land within 25 metres of a wind turbine.
Land must conform to 2013 Entry Level Stewardship (ELS) requirements, where points are accrued according to criteria such as hedgerow maintenance, wild bird cover, wild flower mixes, etc., to qualify for subsidies.
Organic farms will be paid a 25 per cent premium on the SFP
UKIP will add rare breed maintenance to the ELS points system
There will be no set-aside, cropping or rotation restrictions
SFP will be paid to who ever takes financial responsibility for the farming enterprise on a field-by-field basis (i.e. the farmer, not the landowner)
Hill farmers will receive additional headage payments on livestock numbers within World Trade Organisation rules.
DAIRY AND SHEEP FARMERS
UKIP will support dairy farmers by requiring the Competition Commission to promote fair practice in the food chain, in addition to considering price and competition issues.
This will allow producers to create larger cooperatives and alliances to counter the power of purchasing cartels.
We will also refine the brief of the Grocery Adjudicator, who arbitrates on trade relationships between the large retailers and their suppliers, if necessary.
We will scrap the Electronic Individual Identification Document for sheep,
and introduce a pragmatic solution to distinguish between lamb and mutton at the abattoir, reducing costs for farmers by changing the definition of an ‘aged’ sheep.
CARING FOR OUR ENVIRONMENT
UKIP will match-fund grants made by local authorities towards rural capital projects, such as creating a lake, wetland, repairing traditional stone walls, etc. which enhance the local environment, encourage rural education, or help recovery from environmental disasters.
While we will abolish excessive and unnecessary regulations and directives, keeping those necessary to protect our environment, or replacing them with more appropriate controls, administered at national or local government level, will be a priority for us.
We will take as our guide in these and all other farming matters relevant scientific and/or professional veterinary advice.
GENETICALLY MODIFIED FOODS
UKIP supports research into GM foods, including research on the benefits and risks involved to the public.
We will allow a free vote in Parliament on commercial cultivation.
FOOD LABELLING
Food labelling will come back under the control of the Westminster Parliament when we leave the EU.
Then we can insist animal products are labelled to show the country of origin, method of production and transport and whether the animal was stunned before slaughter, together with any information concerning hormones and GM products.
We believe strongly that customers have the right to see this information.
ANIMAL HEALTH AND WELFARE
We can only regain control of animal health and welfare by leaving the EU.
UKIP takes both issues seriously and we will: Triple the maximum jail sentences for animal cruelty and torture
Impose lifetime bans on owning and/or looking after animals on any individual or company convicted of animal cruelty or torture
Keep the ban on animal testing for cosmetics
Challenge companies using animals for testing drugs or other medical treatments on the necessity for this form of testing, as opposed to the use of alternative technology
Tightly regulate animal testing
Ban the export of live animals for slaughter
Insist on formal non-stun training and certification for all religious slaughtermen to ensure the highest standards are adhered to
Install CCTV in every abattoir, monitored by the Meat Hygiene Service, and deal severely with any contraventions.
Remove unnecessary EU restrictions that make small, local abattoirs unviable
We will also prepare for the possibility of disease outbreaks (including those) caused by imports.
We cannot expect our farmers to bear the full brunt of any such outbreaks, but we will encourage them to introduce testing programmes and invest in insurance schemes to deal with potential outbreaks, as the poultry sector has done with the salmonella testing programme and associated insurance scheme.
FISHING
“By the time Trevor sells the two boxes of whelks he’s caught today, he will make the grand sum of about £45, before costs such as fuel for his boat.
EU quotas mean he’s not allowed to catch anything else.
This is how utterly ridiculous the Common Fisheries Policy is: it is destroying our fishing industry and we must take back control from Brussels.”
The EU Common Fisheries Policy (CFP) was designed from the beginning to steal our fish.
It has ravaged our fishing industry and caused catastrophic environmental damage.
Fishing grounds have been so over-fished that some are at the point of collapse.
Our fishing fleet is half its former size.
Britain’s seas should be the jewel in her crown, but we surrendered these priceless family treasures when we joined the then EEC 1973 and our territorial waters were merged into one giant European fishery.
The UK has almost 70 per cent of Europe’s fishing grounds but only 13 per cent percent of its fishing quota.
So, we must import fish species such as cod, haddock and huss that our own fishermen are forced to throw overboard
– usually dead - because of EU rules.
The EU itself estimates 40 per cent of all fish caught are discarded, so as much as two million tons of perfectly edible fish are wasted every year.
The EU’s proposed discard ban will not fix this problem, just move it onshore.
Worse, while preaching ‘conservation,’ the EU allows industrial fishing techniques such as electric pulse trawling, which destroys marine life and disturbs the ecological balance of our seascapes.
We can only replenish Britain’s bounty of fish and restore our fishing industry if we leave the EU and withdraw from the CFP.
Then we can: Establish a 12-mile zone around our coastline for UK fishermen
and a 200-mile exclusive economic zone under UK control, as is our right under international law
Reverse the rapid decline in our fishing industry and return £2.5 billion a year in fish sales to the UK economy
Enforce ‘no-take’ zones to aid spawning and replenish fish stocks
Protect our coastal eco system by ending destructive industrial fishing practices
End the slaughter of dolphins by banning pair trawler fishing for bass
Work with our fishermen to solve discard and landing issues
Reverse any EU-wide drift-net ban in British waters
Issue permits for foreign trawlers once fish stocks have returned to sustainable levels.
FISHING BOATS UNDER 10 METRES
Smaller fishing boats make up the majority of the UK fleet but only receive only 4 per cent of the English quota, while the five largest foreign-controlled vessels take 32 per cent.
It is grossly unfair and damages fish stock sustainability.
Small-scale inshore fishing is the backbone of the UK fishing industry and we will end this injustice.
SEA ANGLING
Over 750,000 people enjoy sea angling in the UK.
It is a profitable hobby for Britain: VAT income from sea angling is worth more than the value of all commercial landings and some 23,000 jobs depend on sea angling, yet the EU is planning to restrict anglers to catching just three sea bass a day.
We suspect this will eventually lead to EU controls on all angling and we will vociferously oppose this threat.
We will ensure sea anglers and our under 10-metre boat fleet are represented on the Marine Management Organisation, which licenses, regulates and plans marine activities in the seas around England and Wales.
At present, none of the fifteen board members are fishermen.
The EU is just not interested in sustainable fishing.
If we want to eat fish in  the future, we must preserve our fishing industry and our marine ecology.
We can only do this if we escape the CFP and introduce our own sustainable fishing practice.
HERITAGE AND TOURISM
“UKIP is the only party that actively works to protect our green and pleasant land from the threat of over-development and secure our historic buildings for future generations.
We will also fight to save the great British pub.”
Our historic market towns, cathedral cities and unspoilt countryside are the envy of the world.
From our Norman castles to Battersea Power Station, our heritage is an important part of our vibrant tourist industry, which supports three million jobs and contributes £127 billion annually to our economy.
PUTTING HERITAGE AND TOURISM BACK ON THE MAP
‘Heritage’ was a dirty word in Labour’s ‘Cool Britannia.’
Tony Blair moved the Department of National Heritage into the Department for Culture, Media and Sport and marginalised tourism by lumping it in with the responsibilities of the Minister for Sports and Equalities.
The Conservatives’ bulldozer instincts kicked in when the Chancellor removed the zero rate of VAT on listed building repairs.
Maintenance bills for over 400,000 of our most beautiful buildings, owned by a surprisingly diverse socioeconomic group of people, were hiked by 20 per cent.
Developers putting identikit houses on greenbelt land, meanwhile, paid no VAT.
UKIP will end this discrimination against our historic legacy by: -
Creating a dedicated Minister of State for Heritage and Tourism, attached to the Cabinet Office
Ensuring tax and planning policies support historic buildings and the countryside
Removing VAT completely from repairs to listed building
Introducing a ‘presumption in favour of conservation’ as opposed to the current ‘presumption in favour of development’ in planning legislation.
THE GREAT BRITISH SEASIDE
Too many seaside destinations face pressing economic, social and housing issues.
Old former large hotels that once sat grandly on our seafront have become houses of multiple occupation, or low-cost hostels.
The result, ‘bedsit land,’ deters families, young professionals and retired people from moving to the area and deters business investment.
UKIP will fuel regeneration in coastal areas, transforming them into vibrant, growing communities by bestowing ‘Seaside Town Status’ to areas in need of regeneration.
This will give Local Authorities the power to:
Access low-interest government loans to buy up and renovate poor housing stock and convert empty commercial properties into residential accommodation
Issue Compulsory Purchase Order powers for poor-quality multi-occupancy accommodation
Allow local authorities to introduce minimum standards for properties in receipt of housing benefit
Restructure local housing markets so they are not excessively driven by profits from housing benefit income
Refuse housing benefit payments to landlords in breach of planning legislation.
We will boost the Coastal Communities Fund and expand its remit to:
End the ‘scattergun’ approach, which sees funding allocated according to income from a particular area, rather than supporting nationwide regeneration
Prioritise larger-scale heritage, residential, retail and tourist regeneration over smaller scale projects
Encourage regenerative arts projects into our coastal towns.
UKIP’S SAVE THE PUB CAMPAIGN
We are very proud of our ‘Save the Pub’ Campaign!
The UK has lost 21,000 pubs since 1980, mostly as a result of taxation, regulation, the recent decline in disposable incomes and long-term cultural changes.
The smoking ban and the alcohol duty escalator are estimated to be responsible for some 6,000 pub closures.
To reverse this trend we will: Offer tax breaks to smaller breweries to encourage micro-breweries
Keep the current excise duty scheme that exempts from duty cider and perry made by small domestic producers
Amend the smoking ban to give pubs and clubs the choice to open smoking rooms provided they are properly ventilated and physically separated from nonsmoking areas.
Workers must not be required to enter smoking areas except for cleaning and other essential purposes when they are not in use
Oppose minimum pricing of alcohol and reverse plain paper packaging legislation for tobacco products.
Our history is the envy of the world.                   UKIP will keep it that way.
CRIME AND JUSTICE
“Cuts to the police force,
a plethora of insidious EU directives,
poor judgements from the European Court of Justice that trample on the rights of victims:
all these have eroded trust and confidence in policing and our judicial and prison systems.
Our internal national security has never felt so undermined.”
Since 2010 our internal national security has been weakened again and again.
It is UKIP’s intention to draw a line under the cuts suffered by our police, prison and criminal justice services and provide them with adequate resources.
We must get our law enforcement agencies back into a fit state, so they can deliver the protection British citizens have set great store by in the past and which we have a right to expect in the future.
In addition to boosting the Border Agency by 2,500
we will also put 3,500 more front line personnel into the police and prison services.
REMOVING THE EU’S HANDCUFFS
Our membership of the European Union and associated acceptance of the ‘free movement of people’ principle means we are unable to prevent criminals arriving on our shores.
Truly horrific, tragic crimes have been committed in Britain by foreign criminals with long records in their home countries and petty criminality has risen as gangs of thieves, pickpockets and scammers have arrived from overseas to target the UK.
We must leave the EU to prevent those with criminal convictions coming here.
By opening the borders to convicted criminals, previous governments have put us at unacceptable risk.
We have been badly let down.
UKIP will do its utmost to deport foreign criminals and prevent those with criminal records from entering Britain, when we leave the EU.
This will help protect our nation, free up prison places and relieve some of the stress on the prison service.
HUMAN RIGHTS LEGISLATION
Putting responsibility for law and order back into the hands of Parliament is key to UKIP’s approach to law and order, justice and internal security across the British Isles.
We will remove ourselves from the jurisdiction of the European Court of Human Rights: the Strasbourg Court whose interpretation of the European Convention of Human Rights has been known to put the rights of criminals above those of victims.
Our own Supreme Court will act as the final authority on matters of Human Rights.
We will also repeal Labour’s Human Rights legislation.
It has given European judges far too much power over British law making and law enforcement
and prevented us deporting terrorists and career criminals
and from implementing whole-life sentences.
Our human rights will be enshrined in law via the introduction of a new, consolidated UK Bill of Rights.
This will complement the UN Declaration of Human Rights and encapsulate all the human and civil rights that UK citizens have acquired under UK law since Magna Carta.
This new UK Bill of Rights will apply across England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland.
‘INNOCENT UNTIL PROVEN GUILTY’
UKIP will fully uphold the principle of ‘innocent until proven guilty.’
This tenet of law is fundamental to British justice
and UKIP will reverse the opt-in to EU law and justice measures, which disregard this fundamental principle, including the European Arrest Warrant and European Investigation Orders, which were enacted by the Coalition partners and supported by Labour.
THE UK POLICE
Austerity cuts have forced cuts to policing numbers that have gone too far, placing citizen safety and trust in policing at severe risk.
UKIP is committed to returning to a meaningful capita population-based policing resource.
Serving officers should not be subjected to undue stress as a result of being over-stretched.
Crime is not a ‘lifestyle option’ UKIP will tolerate.
The more visible police we have on our streets, the more criminals are reminded of this fact and the more the public are reassured.
Reducing the numbers of territorial constabularies nationwide will release finance onto the front line:
we  question whether 43 constabularies, each with a multiplicity and duplication of roles, is either a viable situation  or one suited to delivering operational efficiency.
This will not be a ‘top-down’ process however, but an expert,  police-led approach, leading to collaboration and co-operation between constabularies and policing bodies  with the aim of producing structures more relevant to policing in 21st century Britain.
We will also reduce the number of Police and Crime Commissioners in line with our objective of a reduction in the number of territorial constabularies to save money and tackle serious crime.
The PCC role and remit will be reviewed before the next set of PCC elections to identify ´Best Practice´ that has been achieved across the country.
The findings of this exercise will be used to establish a new Terms of Reference and role specification for the remaining PCCs to ensure that they are ´fit for purpose´ regarding the identified challenges for policing and the criminal justice system as a whole.
We will also: Commit to keeping sworn and warranted officers under the service of the Crown.
UKIP will not outsource or privatise UK policing
Refuse to allow the introduction or deployment of the Euro Gendarmerie force within the UK
Invest in new technology such as communications equipment and personal CCTV to combat crime
Ensure Britain’s police forces comply with the law and do not retain booking photographs, fingerprints, DNA, or biometric data of individuals who have not been convicted of a crime
Seek to match the make-up of the police force to the UK’s population profile
Introduce an accredited system for police recruitment in line with UKIP policy on apprenticeships and vocational training.
CRIME AND SENTENCING
The nature of crime has changed dramatically.
The Internet, impossible to police completely, is growing as a medium to commission and commit crime.
Up to one third of women report being the victim of domestic violence, yet in itself it is not an offence.
There is confusion concerning laws on carrying potentially lethal weapons.
While we once believed we had abolished slavery, people trafficking is increasing and modern-day slavery is a harsh reality.
UKIP believes it is time for a review of what is and what is not a criminal offence and we will commit to such a review,
together with a review of commensurate sentencing policy to address the changing nature of crime today.
The emphasis of such a review is likely to be on up to date sentencing procedures and processes for internet/cyber crime, sexual crime relating to minors, fraud, aggression, intimidation, people trafficking and gang masters and drug & substance abuse.
Our overall approach to crime is one of firmness, coupled with deterrent and rehabilitative strategies and a focus on combatting crime that delivers clear social value outcomes.
We are also clear that the interests of law-abiding citizens and victims must always take precedence over those of criminals.
We also pledge the following: We will prosecute all cases of adult sexual behaviour with under-age minors.
The age of consent will not be reviewed or changed
We will adopt a zero tolerance approach to cultural practices that are either illegal
or which conflict with British values and customs, including forced marriages, female genital mutilation and ‘so-called’ honour killings.
We will enforce the law and prosecute where necessary
UKIP will seek to introduce new personal weapons legislation to reflect progress made on knife crime and combat the many different kinds of items now used to injure, disfigure or kill
We will not decriminalise illegal drugs, however we will focus on ensuring drug suppliers, not their victims, face the full force of the law
We will update licensing laws in response to calls from local authorities to limit the maximum stake on fixed-odds betting terminals from £100 down to £2, to tackle problem gambling and anti-social behaviour.
We will decriminalise one crime: non-payment of the TV licence fee.
This will become a civil rather than a criminal offence.
We will also review the cost of the licence fee with a view to its reduction.
UK PRISONS
An early priority for UKIP will be to re-establish prison capacity.
We will not risk allowing sentencing or parole hearings to be influenced by a lack of prison places.
In the first instance, we will free up prison space by removing foreign criminals, of which there were over 10,000 in prisons in England and Wales, according to the last reported figures from the House of Commons Library.
We support purpose-built prison facilities and the upgrade of older prisons, but will not reduce prison place numbers, or force an artificial reduction in prisoner capacity via any means.
If criminals do the crime, they can expect to serve the time.
Rehabilitation and reintegration into society for all prisoners is a UKIP priority, so it is essential that prisoners have sufficient numeracy and literacy skills to re-enter the workplace.
We will introduce a system whereby suitably qualified prisoners will be paid to teach prisoners with a low standard of literacy and numeracy.
Prisoners must sign an education covenant requiring them to complete their studies on release.
Any money earned in prison must first be used to pay any compensation due to victims and thereafter towards further studies.
Prisoners will not be given the vote.
Those who have lost their right to liberty by committing a serious crime should also lose their ability to vote.
Voting is a civic right, not a human right.
DEALING WITH FOREIGN CRIMINALS
There is significant public concern about the ability of convicted foreign criminals first to gain entry to the UK and subsequently to obtain British citizenship.
UKIP will not allow this to continue.
If they have been convicted of any crime, foreign nationals will potentially forfeit any entitlement to a UK Passport and to unrestricted entry to the country.
We will introduce a fast-track deportation programme to  safeguard our national security and ease overcrowding and  pressure on our prison service.
Foreign prisoners in receipt of  custodial sentences will be returned to their country of origin.
If they choose to launch an appeal, they must do so from their  home country, or the country to which they are deported.
They must also pay their own costs, or their home nation must fund their case.
This policy will benefit the UK tax payer;
is fair to all criminals regardless of origin;
and reinstates UK judicial control.
DNA testing and retention of DNA data results will be reinstated for all convicted foreign criminals.
This, in our view, is a major preventative step towards protecting UK citizens and our front-line security forces.
We will amend the Protection of Freedoms Act 2012 to enable the police to continue to keep samples from foreign suspects who are arrested but not charged in Britain.
British justice is still the best in the world,
but is being corrupted by the EU.
Unelected bureaucrats in Brussels and judges in Strasbourg and Luxembourg, can ignore British fears about crime.
It is time to bring our British legal system back under British control.
POLITICAL REFORM
“Politics in Britain has become a cartel.
Many MPs only became MPs by working in the office of MPs.
Instead of answering outward to their constituents, too many MPs only answer to other MPs in Westminster.
We need fundamental change to reconnect politics with the public.”
With party whips wielding so much power, Parliament has grown supine and often spineless.
Instead of challenging ministers, too many MPs simply do what their whips tell them.
Parliamentary Questions are planted.
Debates are rigged.
Prime Minister’s Question Time generates a lot of heat, but sheds little light.
UKIP wants far reaching political reform to ensure that government answers properly to Parliament and that Parliament is accountable to the people.
We will introduce: The Citizens’ Initiative:
Every two years we will allow a national referendum on the issues of greatest importance to the British public, gathered via an approved petition, provided the petition has more than two million signatures.
The outcome of these referendums will be included in the Queen’s Speech, therefore allowing the public to directly influence legislation.
We will also pledge to put matters gathering over 100,000 signatures on the Commons’ Order Paper, to make sure they are genuinely debated and voted upon, not simply brushed over, as currently happens
The Right of Recall: UKIP will give voters real power to sack their MP and scrap the bogus Recall measures introduced by the Tory-led Coalition.
Under our proposals, if twenty per cent of an MP’s constituents demand it, within a period of eight weeks, a Recall ballot will be triggered.
We will extend this Right of Recall to all elected politicians, e.g. councillors
An Open Primaries Bill: UKIP will introduce an Open Primaries Bill to enable any political parties that wished to do so to widen their selection process to include every local voter.
Open Primary ballots would help ensure candidates in winnable seats need not be Westminster insiders.
As well as making MPs more accountable to the public, UKIP will make Government answer more directly to Parliament.
We will introduce:  Confirmation hearings:
These will require Commons Select Committees to vote to approve the appointment of any new minister, senior civil servant or senior diplomat before they get the job.
They will also have the power to veto such appointments.
The same rules will apply to senior appointments to quangos and inspection bodies, such as Ofsted
Expenditure hearings:  Until the 1930s, MPs were able to amend public spending plans.
Since then they can only can only cheer or boo government spending plans, which are presented to them as a fait accompli.
In order to control public spending and reduce taxes over time, UKIP will give the relevant Commons Select Committee the power to veto items of spending, but not increase them.
VOTING REFORM
In an age of multi-party politics, our current first past the post  Parliamentary election system is unfair and no longer fit for  purpose.
Most MPs are elected by a minority of their voters  and perhaps with as little as 26 per cent of the vote share.
UKIP believes voters should know that every vote counts.
We  want an electoral system where each voter can vote for the  party they really believe in, rather than against one they do  not, for tactical reasons.
UKIP will campaign for a new, proportional voting system that delivers a Parliament truly reflective of the number of votes cast, while retaining a constituency link, so every vote really does count.
We will also: Restrict the entitlement to vote in British general elections to British citizens and, potentially, countries which have reciprocal voting rights for British citizens, such as Ireland
Scrap the failing Electoral Commission and Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority (IPSA) and merge their functions into a new Political Standards Authority under new independent leadership and a cross-party board of governance with voting lay members
Remove postal voting on demand.
We will scrap the existing postal vote register completely and start again from scratch.
Those wishing to have a postal vote must have a valid reason for applying.
We will not allow postal voting on demand.
It is open to fraud on such a scale that election rigging is now a real possibility and perhaps even a probability in some areas.
We cannot allow ‘banana republic’ voting fraud in Britain.
LOCAL GOVERNMENT
“UKIP will bring back power to the people with common sense, local policies which will make people’s lives easier.
UKIP councillors know who is boss: we only answer to you and we are known for rolling up our sleeves and getting the job done!”
Local authorities have significant power in matters concerning planning and housing, education, local refuse and recycling facilities, parks and leisure facilities, transport, libraries and keeping local people safe.
Too often, elected councillors put party politics ahead of taxpayers when making decisions on these important matters.
UKIP believes councils should exist to serve their communities first and we will put power back where it belongs: in the hands of local people.
We will: -Continue to give UKIP councillors the freedom to vote how they choose.
We believe the community is their ‘boss’ and they will not be ‘whipped’ to bloc vote like councillors in other political parties
Keep Council Tax as low as possible
Oppose excessive development and actively seek to protect our countryside and green spaces
Give local people control over planning, by giving them the final say on major planning decisions, such as out-of-town large-scale supermarket developments, wind turbines, incinerators, solar farms and major housing developments, through the use of binding local referenda
Adopt a zero tolerance approach to anti-social behaviour and crack down on nuisance and noisy neighbours
Make the setting up of a traveller pitch without permission illegal
Reinstate weekly bin collections where local communities have lost them and want them reinstated
Oppose the ‘cabinet’ system of governance, which puts too much power in the hands of too few people and advocate a committee system which brings more openness, transparency and cross-party collaborative working
Seek at all times to give council tax payers best value for money by: Cutting excessive allowances for councillors
Slashing excessive pay deals and golden handshakes for council executives
Limiting the number of highly-paid council employees
Cutting advertising and self-promotion budgets
Building partnerships to reduce costs
Abolishing non-essential jobs and red tape.
UKIP will also undertake a full review of all the many statutory duties national government places on local government, with a view to reducing the burden on councils.
BRITISH CULTURE
“When did patriotism become something to be discouraged?
It can be a unifying force for good.
There is nothing ‘extreme’ about wanting to celebrate ‘Britishness’ and it is about time we started doing so again.”
UKIP believes in Britain.
We believe Britain can be a strong, proud, independent,  sovereign nation.
We are the envy of the world for our rich history,
our art and our architecture,
our monarchy.
We led the way in the abolition of the slave trade.
Our Industrial Revolution transformed the world.
A plethora of great Britons stream through international history.
Our language is the most widely spoken on the planet.
Britain is a remarkable country and we are a remarkable people.
We have helped shape the modern world.
Britain is more than just a star on someone else’s flag.
The liberal metropolitan elite often tells us patriotism is wrong, that it is something to be discouraged.
