What Scotland needs now!
“The SNP are proposing a fully-costed manifesto for an independent Scotland that is more detailed and better researched than ever before.
There is a better future for Scotland with Independence -when we start investing in Scotland instead of subsidising London - and this document proves it.
”
Scotland Needs BETTER HEALTH - new investment in a true National Health Service to restore standards and provide quality comprehensive care, free at the point of need.
Scotland Needs WELL RESOURCED EDUCATION - funding for teachers, investment in schools, free pre school education and the restoration of decent student grants.
Scotland Needs DECENT HOMES - new houses, a renovation programme, the transfer of housing debt from local government and an end to homelessness.
Scotland Needs MORE JOBS - a business tax regime that encourages growth, a determination to achieve full employment and a fair tax system that encourages employment.
Scotland Needs SOCIAL JUSTICE - a pensioners package , the restoration of benefits to young people, and the abolition of means testing for care of the elderly.
Scotland Needs INDEPENDENCE - the only way in which Scotland can put its wealth to work and care for its people again.
THE SNP MANIFESTO 1997
1: “A Nation Once Again”
“Now there’s ane end of ane auld sang” were the words of the Chancellor of Scotland, when he signed the Treaty of Union of 1707 submerging from view for almost three centuries the independent nation of Scotland.
But he was wrong.
The song of Scotland - the steady rhythm of our past , the energetic bustle of our present, and the heady promise of our future - did not die in 1707.
Scotland still exists despite the determined efforts of those who rule us to diminish, dismiss and deride our national aspirations.
Scotland’s institutions in the law, education, administration and in sport still have their distinctive national characteristics despite a constant erosion by the Westminster Parliament.
What they need to revive and renew them - and what we need to revive and renew us - is the beating heart of an independent Scottish Parliament that expresses the sovereign will of the people who live here.
For two hundred and ninety years Scotland has remained within a United Kingdom which has contributed less and less to our well being.
Scotland has the potential to be a rich and vibrant economy yet we export our wealth south of the border:
Scotland has a part to play in the building of our continent, and yet we are not permitted to speak for ourselves.
Scotland has a home to offer to those from many backgrounds and much to give on the world stage and yet we are living in the shadow our neighbour, who speaks for us but not of us.
And Scotland has the skills and resources to be free, but is denied its democratic right to self government.
Yet Scotland can be a real and independent nation again.
All we need is the assent of the people.
At this General Election we can give that assent.
We can begin a process that will result in the restoration of self confidence and the creation of a modern democracy in the mainstream of European life.
We can express our dissatisfaction with the stale and sterile politics of the London parties - New Labour and Old Tory alike.
And along with many hundreds of thousands of Scots, we can all vote SNP in the certain knowledge that only the SNP can make any difference to Scotland and to the lives of those who live here.
This manifesto outlines the way in which the SNP wish to set Scotland free, and the promises that the SNP make about our country and how it should be run.
These promises will allow Scotland to win again.
For if the SNP wins, so does Scotland
It’s as simple as that.
SNP President and European Parliamentary Leader
“There is an enormous bank of goodwill towards Scotland in the rest of Europe, and we have friends in countries far and wide who would welcome our freedom.
We are an internationalist people, who look outwards to the rest of the world - in contrast to the insular, Little Englander mentality at Westminster.
”
THE SNP MANIFESTO 1997
2: Scotland - the Facts
Treasury Spokesperson
“Scotland is a rich country, with a wealth of natural resources.
Since 1979, Scotland has sent £27 billion more to the London Treasury than we have received in return.
With Independence, we can make Scotland the “lion economy” of Europe - delivering fair tax for individuals, and a competitive edge for Scottish business.
”
The choice of how to vote at a General Election can be dictated by tradition, reason or emotion.
But whatever the basis for your choice will be, it is important first to know the truth about our country and our prospects as its citizens.
Over the past few years the SNP and Scotland have been subject to a whole range of smears and fears manufactured by political opponents.
At the outset of our manifesto it is important to set aside those baseless attacks in a strong and positive manner.
Labour and the Tories attack and attempt to undermine Scottish self confidence because it is a threat to their electoral prospects.
They peddle fear, we offer hope.
The SNP encourages all who live in Scotland to fulfil their potential.
The facts are these:
SCOTLAND IS A WEALTHY NATION.
When our share of North Sea output is taken into account, an Independent Scotland would become the eighth richest nation in the developed world.
Scotland saves more, produces more and exports more per head than England.
SCOTLAND PAYS HER WAY IN THE WORLD.
The Treasury has admitted that in the last eighteen years we have sent £27,000,000,000 more to London than we have received.
In the next five years we will do the same with £12,500,000,000 of our wealth.
3 Scotland can afford many of the things our citizens want, while still reducing the inherited burden of our share of the UK national debt.
SCOTLAND, ON INDEPENDENCE, WILL AUTOMATICALLY BECOME A FULL MEMBER OF THE EUROPEAN UNION:
European legal , political and constitutional opinion on this matter is quite clear.
SCOTLAND WILL HAVE OPEN BORDERS WITH ENGLAND:
modern European countries have abolished controlled internal frontiers and our close family and trading ties with England will not be interrupted in any way by Scottish Independence.
Only political union will end - our social union will be as strong as ever, and indeed improved by our new equal status as good neighbours.
PENSIONS AND INVESTMENTS WILL BE UNAFFECTED BY INDEPENDENCE:
the European Union already legislates for such transfers.
SCOTLAND WILL ESTABLISH A MODERN EFFICIENT AND APPROPRIATE DEFENCE FORCE in keeping with our traditions and best practice throughout our continent.
Scotland does not need nuclear weapons.
THERE WILL BE FULL CITIZENSHIP AND A CONTINUING RIGHT OF RESIDENCE FOR EVERYONE WHO CURRENTLY LIVES HERE.
An Independent Scotland will protect in its written constitution residency rights for all those living here , or entitled to live here, at the time of independence whether or not they become Scottish Citizens.
Citizenship will be established on the basis of residency or birth.
Membership of the European Union will also permit residence from citizens from other European Union members.
SCOTLAND WILL BECOME A WEALTHIER, FREER NATION FOR ALL ITS CITIZENS:
Scotland today is being kept held back by the Union with England.
An independent Scotland will be a magnet for investment and our “Bill of Rights” will protect every citizen from government interference
- something that Britain does not do
- and establish social justice in our land.
THE SNP MANIFESTO 1997
2: Scotland - the Facts
NATIONAL INDEPENDENCE is the normal status for wealthy small nations.
Over 50 countries have become independent from Britain since 1945 and NONE of them have applied to become colonies or dependencies again.
Nearly half the independent nations in the world are smaller than Scotland
- 25 out of the 35 most prosperous nations are small nations!
SCOTLAND WILL BE ABLE TO CHOOSE ANY GOVERNMENT IT LIKES AFTER INDEPENDENCE:
in the first elections after independence the SNP will stand as a political party, but Scots will be able to choose any party they like.
Proportional Representation will ensure that Scottish governments are broadly based and that all parts of the country are fairly
represented - as will be women and ethnic minorities.
Cabinet Secretary
“While the London-based parties hand down their policies from on high, the SNP have developed a detailed set of policies that are best for Scotland by using the democratic structures of the Party.
And we have consulted widely with organisations outside our party, in order to ensure that our policies are fully in tune with the needs of the people.
”
THE SNP MANIFESTO 1997
3: Gaining Independence
Cabinet Chief Secretary
“Measures to help business, especially small business, are vital.
Small business is the engine of growth and for too long the UK has just ignored the potential and needs of those who contribute so much.
”
A vote for the SNP is a vote for Independence
- it is also a vote to encourage change, because only when the SNP is strong do the other parties pay any attention to Scotland .
Constitutional Change has been promised to Scotland by the British parties for over 100 years - but nothing has happened.
Nothing will happen unless the SNP is strong and determined, and attracting the support of the people of Scotland.
New Labour’s scheme for a Scottish assembly is fatally flawed, and will deliver no real power.
The Tories are stuck in the bunker of “no change” whilst virtually the whole of Scotland is now scunnered by their anti-Scottish actions.
Only the SNP offers a clear , logical and achievable blueprint for progress.
Scotland can regain its independence at any General Election.
After the election of a majority of SNP MPs,the SNP will immediately initiate negotiations for independence with the UK government.
In parallel with these negotiations, we will initiate talks with the European Union in order to facilitate the right conditions for independent representation.
At the conclusion of this period (which is likely to take between six and twelve months) the people of Scotland will be asked to approve the “independence settlement” in a simple one question referendum.
On achieving the assent of the people of Scotland, independence will be declared and, after the formal establishment of an independent country within Europe,
a fresh General Election will be held to elect a new government.
There are many precedents for such a process: indeed during 1996 a committee of respected academics brought forward the final report of a study of Scotland’s route to independence5 which clearly set out the steps to be followed.
During this study examples from other parts of the world were looked at closely.
In the twentieth century the road to Independence is well trodden, and well signposted by those that have gone before.
THE SNP MANIFESTO 1997
4: A Scotland for all her People
An independent Scotland will have a written constitution and Bill of Rights.
This means that Scots will be citizens, not subjects.
They will be protected from the type of arbitrary interference that is the hallmark of Westminster government,
and they will be able to force the state to honour its commitments to them.
Almost every country in the world has a written constitution:
and virtually every democratic country in the world makes sure that citizens are guaranteed their rights.
A modern Scotland must have the same concern for law and liberty .
Earlier this year the SNP published its full constitutional proposals 6 which have been arrived at after lengthy and wide ranging consultation.
Amongst the SNP’s promises to Scotland are:
The protection of basic human rights, including the right of free expression and assembly, the right to housing , education and free health care and the right to decent working conditions and a minimum wage.
The rights of citizens in an independent Scotland will be at least as wide-ranging as those offered under the European Convention on Human Rights, which will be incorporated into the law of Scotland.
The establishment of a single chamber parliament elected by proportional representation which is modern in character
and which in gender, ethnic origin and geographical representation accurately mirrors Scottish society as a whole.
The franchise will be extended to include all those aged 16 and over.
Legislation will require public consultation, may be initiated by public petition as well as by members of the Scottish Parliament,
and a system of strong standing committees will supervise and regulate proceedings.
Final legislation, having passed the Parliamentary process, will be approved on behalf of the people by the Chancellor of the Parliament,
not subject to the mumbo jumbo of Royal assent.
The balanced parliament, elected fairly, and a strong investigative committee system
will replace the offensive and archaic House of Lords as the mechanisms to ensure properly thought through legislation.
Membership of a legislative body secured only by accident of birth or political patronage has no place in a modern democracy.
The SNP propose the reform of the Monarchy which, while allowing the Queen and her successors to remain Head of State, would ensure that their duties and payments were clearly and openly understood.
In the absence of the Queen from Scotland the elected Chancellor (Speaker) of the Scottish Parliament will act as Head of State.
The protection of the rights and responsibilities of Local Government will be protected by means of entrenchment in the constitution.
Local Authorities will also be elected by proportional representation.
Citizens of Scotland, wherever they have come from, will be full participants in a twenty first century democracy,
not subjects of an outmoded and decaying eighteenth century state.
That change alone will refresh and invigorate Scottish life.
Cabinet member
“Over many years, I have seen the policies which the people of Scotland support overturned by an unrepresentative Westminster Parliament, which is distant from Scottish concerns.
Only by getting a real Parliament of our own in Scotland can we introduce the policies that are best for Scotland.
”
THE SNP MANIFESTO 1997
5: Working in a Better Scotland
Independence is vital for our future; but independence is not an aim on its own.
The purpose of independence is not just to free Scotland but to free Scots - all the people who live in Scotland
The Tory Government has been responsible for a vast increase in the National Debt, and an Independent Scotland would of course inherit a proportion of that debt, estimated to be around £38 billion.
An SNP Government would commence a programme of repaying this debt , aiming to reduce the amount spent in interest and to free resources for further investment in the future.
The debt repayment will amount to a total of £6. 6 billion in the first four years of Independence.
Jobs and Employment
The SNP aims for full employment -
an achievable goal that is integral to the growth of the Scottish economy,
the delivery of a high standard of living
and the development of a secure and inclusive society in which every individual contributes and plays a constructive role.
The SNP’s four year budget will result in the creation of  an additional 100,000 new jobs;
in addition our National Apprenticeship scheme will increase the number of young people going on from school to meaningful training and through that route into useful work.
In addition to the immediate jobs boost that independence will produce,
the creation of new jobs will come about as Scottish business is assisted to develop and compete.
The key to such development will be the introduction of a sensitive and targeted corporate tax structure, allied to important initiatives to encourage small businesses that do not pay corporation tax.
Business Taxation
The SNP is the only party in a generation to enter a General Election fully committed to a reduction in business taxation.
In government the SNP will
Cut the standard rate of corporation tax by approx. 10% from 33p to 30p
Cut the small companies rate of corporation tax by 22% from 23p to 18p
Limit the increase in the Business Rate Multiplier to the increase in the RPI
Phase in banded business rates with benefit targeted at smaller enterprises and with no increase for larger companies.
Abolish Class IV National Insurance Contributions.
These proposals will be phased in over a four year period.
We have allocated an average of £250 million per year from our budget for the creation of a Business Tax Reduction fund to pay for these measures.
New Investment
In addition to a innovative business tax regime,
Government funding will be provided for priority economic projects such as industrial expansion, modernisation, agricultural diversification and the introduction of new technologies.
An additional £120 million over four years will be provided to enhance research and development of new products and processes.
This will ensure that full advantage is taken of the intellectual capacity and scientific and technological innovation that is to be found in rich abundance in our universities and colleges, and in many of our businesses.
THE SNP MANIFESTO 1997
5: Working in a Better Scotland
Exports and Skills
A Scottish Export Unit will also assist in building our export trade and focusing the attention of Scottish industry on the need to expand its excellent record in this field and will provide a massive boost to the international profile of Scottish business.
A Scottish Skills Foundation will be established to bring international best practice in skills and innovation training to bear on Scottish business and industry.
Tourism
The SNP has budgeted for a doubling of the Scottish Tourist Board’s advertising and promotions budget and will assist the Tourism industry - which contributes in excess of £2.2 billion to the Scottish economy and employs over 177,000 people - to fulfil its potential.
Business Growth and Fair Trading
With the SNP’s commitment to Defence Diversification (see Chapter 9),
to a modernised transport and communications infrastructure (See Chapter 8)
and with a successful Scottish approach to attracting investment the prospects for job creation and business birth, growth and survival will be better than ever before.
An SNP government will provide a context for business that is fair and flexible:
a Merger and Take-overs panel will ensure competitive practices and prevent “asset stripping” which has destroyed many Scottish companies over the past 20 years;
a Fair Trading Unit within a Scottish Department of Industry, Technology and Employment will inherit and strengthen the responsibilities of the current utility regulators
and legislation will ensure that the practice of delayed payment that damages small businesses is outlawed.
The Social Chapter and Trade Unions
A fair and flexible business environment will flourish if accompanied by active partnership with trade unions:
the SNP Charter for Trade Unions will guarantee Trade Union rights whilst ensuring that their responsibilities are enforceable at law.
Scottish endorsement of the EU Social Chapter will encourage Unions and employers to observe best practice that enhances constructive and profitable co-operation.
The introduction of a minimum wage (after discussion and with consensus) set at half median male earnings will be accompanied by an implementation plan developed in association with employers which assists smaller businesses to take this vital social step forward.
Fair Personal Taxation
For those in work, a fair personal tax system is an essential motivator:
the SNP aim to introduce a starter rate of income tax at 15p over the first four years of government.
For middle income earners the bands of income at which the basic rate is levied will be expanded by 15 per cent.
This means that the top rate will not kick in until earnings exceed £30,000.
In keeping with the belief that those who are best rewarded should contribute slightly more in order to assist delivering a just society , the ceiling on National Insurance contributions will be removed.
Taken together these proposals will mean that there will be a drop in taxation for most, with a marginal increase in taxation for those earning above £26,500 per year.
85% of male employees and 95% of female employees will pay less tax.
But all will benefit from a more prosperous country and a fairer society.
Industry, Technology and Employment Spokesperson
“Instead of the Tories’ fiddled unemployment figures, we need a real Parliament in Scotland to create real jobs, and bring about a real cut in the dole queues.
Only with Independence can we develop an economic strategy in line with Scottish conditions, and the SNP will prioritise investment in training and exports.
Over four years, we can create 100,000 more jobs.
”
THE SNP MANIFESTO 1997
5: Working in a Better Scotland
These proposals are in keeping with the basic Scottish belief in progressive taxation and the sharing of responsibility according to the ability to pay.
We will also cut VAT on Domestic fuel from 8% to 5% , the minimum allowed under EU regulations
but will also negotiate with the EU to seek a new regime to take account of climatic conditions in Northern Europe, thus allowing the eventual abolition of this tax.
The economic and employment priorities of an SNP Government will be to
Move toward full employment
Achieve sustained growth along with increased investment
Secure continuing low inflation
Establish International Economic Credibility
Introduce a competitive business tax system
Legislate for a fair personal tax system
Build exports and inward investment
Strengthen the infrastructure and skills base
Adopt the Social Chapter and the Minimum Wage.
Introduce the SNP Charter for Trade Union Rights
THE SNP MANIFESTO 1997
6: Living in a Better Scotland
Job creation, business growth and economic success at home and abroad are aims that Scotland should aspire to given its wealth of talents and its strong resource base.
But those underpinning strengths in the Scottish economy must also give rise to the development of social justice, education for life, health and public services which the Scottish people need and deserve.
Scots should be encouraged to take advantage of arts and leisure opportunities and to have their lives enriched by such pursuits.
And all these developments must take place in society that is determined to be free of crime and its effects.
Scotland can afford to look after its citizens.
The Scottish National Party is commited to a socially just Scotland
- the type of Scotland which the Tories have systematically tried to destroy for 18 years:
A Scotland in which poverty is eradicated and those in need are assisted to the maximum degree possible;
the Scotland that all Scots want.
Freedom from Poverty
In our society there will always be a need for supporting those who cannot work, either through incapacity or for a variety of short-term reasons.
Government must also use the benefits system to assist those who are vulnerable
- the very young, the old and those who are incapacitated
- and to eliminate the effects of poverty.
An SNP government will increase Child Benefit to £12.50 per week per child and maintain entitlement until a child has left school.
Child Benefit is a powerful means of tackling poverty as it is paid directly to the child’s principal carer.
The annual cost of this measure wil £132 million by year 4 of an independent government.
Benefit will be restored to 16 and 17 year olds immediately, as the Tory removal of such benefits has been a strong contributory factor in the rise of youth homelessness and youth crime.
Education and training - with proper financial support - is the best way to assist young people,
but they must not be put in the position of suffering poverty and alienation because society will not assist them.
A Pensioner’s Package
The SNP is strongly committed to eradicating the scourge of fuel poverty particularly so as Scotland is an energy rich nation.
Our “Pensioners Package” already forms the basis for action of fuel poverty for SNP councils:
we will ensure that the entire package is implemented at a national level - a package that will increase the state retirement pension by £3 a week for a single person and £5 a week for married couples as a first step towards achieving parity with the higher European pension levels;
introduce a Cold Climate Allowance of £9. 20 for all pensioners and others on benefits;
remove standing charges from electricity, gas and telecom services for pensioners;
and abolish means testing for the residential care of elderly.
These measures will provide real relief from hardship and enhance social justice.
In particular, the removal of standing charges provides a much more efficient and targeted way of making privatised utilities contribute to society than a one-off “windfall tax”,
while the abolition of means testing will remove a major indignity from old people and allow them to enjoy the fruits of their retirement without undue worry or stress.
Health and Social Policy Spokesperson
“In an independent Scotland, economic prosperity and social justice will go hand in hand.
We will use our wealth to invest in the health service, deliver a Cold Climate Allowance to pensioners and those on benefits, and abolish means testing for the long-term care of the elderly.
”
THE SNP MANIFESTO 1997
6: Living in a Better Scotland
A Real Scottish National Health Service
Social justice also requires a new approach to the Scottish Health Service.
The SNP will first of all establish an independent Health Commission, chaired by the Health Minister, which will consist of representatives of all political parties in the Scottish Parliament along with health professionals and representatives of local health care delivery agencies.
Within the context of the health budget set by government, this commission will plan the strategic delivery of health services.
Local Health Commissions will undertake a subsidiary role in local planning of health care.
The SNP believe that free health care at the point of need is a fundamental right
and in order to provide such care we must remove the distorting distraction of the Tories’ internal market in the health service.
By removing the tiers of accountants, administrators and middle managers we will abolish the artificial split between purchasers and providers of health care and will introduce an integrated health system which is administered and planned nationally but delivered locally.
This structural change is important - as is providing additional resources and finding a way in which the broad strategic priorities for health can be taken out of the day to day political arena.
We will provide an additional £35 million per annum for the Scottish Health Service which, coupled with savings on bureaucracy (which consumes a staggering 12% of NHS expenditure) will provide a major and immediate boost for healthcare delivery.
The SNP will establish an on going national audit of health care designed to provide creative feedback and raise local and national standards.
Dentistry will be re-integrated into the NHS and we accept the view of the dental profession that capitation fees must be adjusted to take account of Scotland’s dental health needs which are greater than those elsewhere in the UK.
This and other measures will encourage dentists to return to the Scottish Health Service.
Prescription charges have increased, under this Tory government, from 20p to the current £5.65.
The system can be effectively reformed both by allowing patients to pay the real cost of drugs if these are below the prescription charge levels and by spreading the burden of charges more fairly.
The SNP will review the issue of charges and exemptions for those with long term mental illness who are not presently allowed exemptions.
Health care in a modern Scotland must be preventative as well as curative.
An SNP Government will ban cigarette advertising and increase tobacco tax both to encourage more to give up, or not to start smoking, and to recover a small proportion of the costs of treatment of tobacco related illnesses by the National Health Service.
We will also prioritise the improvement of nutritional standards in Scotland, using best practice both to encourage healthy eating and to protect the nation’s health by enforcing high standards in the production and distribution of food.
Care in the community is a laudable aim but it requires support with resources and with an infrastructure that the Tories have constantly eroded.
The SNP will ensure that Local Health Commissions review the local delivery of care in the community, allocating resources to it as required.
THE SNP MANIFESTO 1997
6: Living in a Better Scotland
The provision of care in the community has a direct bearing on adequate local government funding, and statutory obligations imposed on local government must be backed up with financial provision.
So must any need to increase the involvement of voluntary organisations who are key facilitators in the provision of care.
The cost of democratic control of the Health Service through such Commissions will be considerably less than the present “internal market” which lacks both democracy and efficiency.
Enabling the Disabled
As many as one in 10 of the world’s population suffers some form of disability,
but society is still reluctant to legislate to ensure full civil rights for disabled people,
and to improve the quality of life so that all disabled people can fulfil their potential and contribute to the society of which they are members.
The SNP will introduce measures, in the Bill of Rights and in other legislation, to secure full rights,
to enforce standards of building access and to help disabled people obtain and retain employment as they wish and are able.
The SNP will implement its “Charter for the Disabled” to enable valuable members of society who are presently often excluded from the mainstream, but who have much to contribute.
Protecting Scotland’s People
Whilst food safety is not primarily a health issue, until structures, controls and procedures go wrong, there is a clear need now to restore the reputation of the Scottish food industry and to provide a mechanism for public control of food quality.
The SNP has been in the forefront of the campaign for an independent food safety agency, free of the pressure from the producers and able to take a proactive stance in securing the highest standards.
An independent Scottish Food and Consumer Health Agency will have a wide remit:
it will supervise public health issues, working through local authorities and through local public health departments;
it will regulate food processing and handling and introduce clear controls that will better the European norm;
it will consider public nutrition and health issues in their broadest sense and will assist in the process of promoting better eating , recognising that one of the principal barriers to a healthy diet is poverty.
It will also work closely with the producers to instil the best practices and provide a certification of quality that in time will be the passport to domestic and international success for the Scottish food industry.
Freedom from Crime
Freedom from crime is an important freedom for many Scots;
and whilst crime levels in Scotland have fallen in recent years many communities are still subject to unacceptable levels of vandalism, burglary and violence.
The SNP has supported initiatives that seek to reduce crime by means of a “zero tolerance” approach:
we will encourage such initiatives throughout Scotland and support them with additional resources for Scotland’s police forces.
“Zero Tolerance” brings improvement to communities by focusing attention on community crimes such as vandalism, petty burglary and other such anti-social activities.
By so doing it increases community confidence and pride.
It is an ideal solution for every part of Scotland and particularly for urban areas.
SNP Vice President
“An independent Scotland will be a model European democracy, with a written Constitution and Bill of Rights.
Proportional representation will ensure that the Parliament represents all of Scotland and we will have done with unelected Peers in London deciding the laws of our nation.
”
THE SNP MANIFESTO 1997
6: Living in a Better Scotland
There are many practical steps that can be taken to cut down on petty or organised crime against property.
One such scheme, which has been vigorously promoted by the SNP and which has the support of a number of organisations, is one which combats the £1.3 billion used-vehicle fraud that takes place every year.
A register of vehicles will be established which will allow purchasers of second hand vehicles to check that their intended purchase is legitimate.
The cost added to a purchase will be around £5.00 but the peace of mind afforded will be great.
Much police time is wasted for want of such simple and cost effective solutions:
much is also wasted in waiting for court appearances and the court system needs better resourcing.
The Procurator Fiscal service needs more lawyers and support staff and a stronger training infrastructure.
The solution to the problem of crime in Scotland does not lie in more prisons and more mandatory sentences:
these proposals have been rejected by the judiciary and by most commentators and it is an indictment of government in the last decade that our prison population is at its highest ever level - and still rising.
What is needed is a range of alternatives to prison and a flexible sentencing policy coupled with schemes for education and rehabilitation that actually work.
To implement and operate  such schemes the justice system must be encouraged to learn from international best practice and the SNP proposes the establishment of a research and development facility within a Scottish University to develop and implement education and rehabilitation schemes.
The basis of community action against crime must lie in the community, and the SNP opposes the establishment of an all Scottish police force,
although we endorse the move towards sharing of skills between forces and the establishment of national strategic initiatives where appropriate.
Scotland should never lose sight of the link between poverty, social deprivation and crime.
Accordingly, whilst crime must be tackled at source, the creation of a better and fairer society will also have a strong impact on crime levels.
An economy that produces more jobs and more meaningful work for the people of Scotland will pay dividends in this area as well.
Drugs and Crime
A major cause of criminal activity lies in the drugs culture that has developed in parts of Scotland.
But drug abuse, like crime, is also a symptom of something wrong in our society, that needs to be put right.
Yet there is not one drugs problem, but many.
And a variety of tactics are required to deal with them.
What needs to be put right first is the question of demand.
If demand for drugs in society is curtailed, then the drug problem will diminish.
Tackling demand can vary from better resourced customs and police to more effective rehabilitation programmes in prisons and to drug education in schools.
All such measures are supported by the SNP which has been active in the all party campaign “Scotland against Drugs”.
Solving Scotland’s drug problems also requires the collection of much information about drug use including much better recording of criminal statistics on drug related offences.
THE SNP MANIFESTO 1997
6: Living in a Better Scotland
The SNP also supports, and will encourage, local initiatives including Drugs Action Teams.
Eradicating the Gun Culture
The whole world was shocked by the Dunblane tragedy;
but Scotland’s call for action to ban all hand guns and to tighten restrictions on all other weapons was ignored by the Tory government.
The SNP will introduce a total ban on handguns , making Scotland a safer place
and taking a major step towards eradicating the “gun culture” which is creeping into our country.
This measure will be accompanied by appropriate compensation for those deprived of their pastime
and the SNP will enforce the Cullen recommendations in all other areas of firearms control.
As a nation we must do our utmost to ensure that every step is taken to prevent another Dunblane.
These measures, and the more stringent screening of firearm applications along with the establishment of a national register of firearms holders, will be a significant step towards that aim.
Justice and Equality Spokesperson
“In the fight against crime, the SNP will encourage the extension of “zero tolerance” initiatives throughout Scotland, and will properly resource our over-stretched courts system.
A ban on all handguns is supported by the vast majority of Scottish people and politicians, but has been frustrated by the Westminster system.
An independent Parliament will deliver.
”
THE SNP MANIFESTO 1997
7: Serving a Better Scotland
Just as crime, social justice and health are priorities for Scotland, so are Education, Housing, Local services and arts and leisure provision.
These community services, usually delivered at local level, need to be enhanced and improved if the quality of life in Scotland is to be enhanced and improved.
RESTORING EDUCATIONAL EXCELLENCE
Labour’s so-called “Passion for Education” is a sham when the actual resources that are being offered  are examined closely.
In contrast the SNP has firmly costed changes that can be made immediately to the Scottish Education system.
Scotland’s crisis in Education is the result of under funding;
attempts to pin the blame on poor teaching, on the curriculum or on any other factors fail to take account of the constant erosion of morale and physical resources that has taken place in the last 18 years.
An SNP Government will provide the extra resources to immediately employ an additional 700 teachers, and devote new resources to the repair and upgrading of school buildings.
Both these actions are priorities, in order that class sizes can be reduced and classes taught in acceptable surroundings.
Local Authorities, as the Education providers, need resourced adequately to undertake their tasks:
the SNP in offering additional resources to local authorities across a wide range of fields will ensure that the local authorities also prioritise education and are sensitive to local need;
there is no demand for “opting out” in Scotland and consequently the “opting out” legislation will be repealed.
However schools will be assisted to control more of their budgets themselves and to involve the school board in financial decision making.
Primary and Secondary schools will be enabled to take advantage of new technology and there will be guaranteed access to the Internet from each school as well as a programme to introduce computers into every classroom with the ultimate aim of all children using a computer terminal every day.
Education is not just about schools: an SNP Government will introduce an entitlement to free nursery education for all 3 and 4 year olds whose parents wish it, and will make certain that such provision is properly funded.
The voucher system will be abolished.
At the other end of the educational spectrum an SNP Government will support the Higher Education sector,
first of all by replacing the Student Loans system with a return to maintenance grants at the 1990 equivalent, index linked for successive years.
Higher Education will have access to the Economic Development and Research Funds earmarked by an SNP Government as well as to the advice and assistance of the Exports Unit.
We support the establishment of a Scottish Education and Training Export Group to co-ordinate the overseas marketing of Scottish expertise in this area.
For those who do not go on to Higher Education an SNP Government will improve training and skills development and introduce a Integrated Training and Employment Grant Scheme ,
providing subsidies to employers taking on new employees in need of training, preferably the unemployed.
Training schemes of this nature should not merely rotate the unemployed into temporary positions.
We will add £50 million per year to the present youth and adult training budgets presently managed by Scottish Enterprise guaranteeing additional adult and youth training places.
THE SNP MANIFESTO 1997
7: Serving a Better Scotland
In keeping with the multi cultural society in which we live
education in an independent Scotland will involve learning about the wide range of factors that have created our present society
and will look outwards to our European and world partners.
Gaelic and Scots have a place to play in this process and will be enhanced by such an approach.
Gaelic medium education is of particular importance to many parents,
and an SNP Government will require local authorities to ring fence dedicated funds for Gaelic medium education, as is presently done in Wales for Welsh language education.
The SNP is also sensitive to the needs of other communities which are part of the rich tapestry of Scotland.
Schools with pupils from Moslem families must offer Islamic studies to such pupils as a matter of course,
and the same applies to other communities which wish to take part in Scottish education, but which also wish to retain and develop their distinctive nature.
Scottish education will be enriched by such provision.
These policies are all necessary parts of the process of improvement that Scotland needs.
There are three final parts which require to be considered: housing, local services and arts and leisure provision.
TACKLING THE HOUSING CRISIS
For many years there has been a deplorable lack of investment in Scotland’s housing.
The result is a housing crisis with increased levels of homelessness and longer and longer council waiting lists.
The Scottish Housing Conditions Survey has shown that too many of our citizens are forced to live in housing that is damp, overcrowded, poorly insulated and often lacking basic amenities.
90,000 Scottish homes are deemed to be below tolerable standard and one third are affected by damp, condensation or mould.
An SNP Government will address this atrocious state of affairs by:
Transferring Capital Debt: 75 percent of local authority housing debt will be transferred to Central Government in the first four years of an independent government, with the remainder being transferred in the following four years.
From a public expenditure commitment of £985 million this will release over £1.6 billion for investment over four years to tackle housing problems and housing need as well as other social priorities.
This one action should make a substantial start to solving Scotland’s housing crisis.
Eliminating Homelessness: Between 1978 and 1994 445,283 households applied to local authorities as “homeless”.
This is a national disgrace and needs to be attended to as a matter of urgency.
So does the situation in which, as Shelter estimate, there are up to 1000 rough sleepers in Scotland on any one night.
An SNP Government will strengthen the existing Code of Guidance on Homelessness and ensure that in meeting the demands of the Code no one is left without a home in time of need.
Build Homes and Raise Standards With the money released by the capital debt transfer up to 20,000 socially affordable homes can be built in the first four years, and a further 35,000 homes can be brought back from below tolerable standard.
160,000 homes can be treated for dampness and condensation.
By applying higher standards of insulation money spent on upgrading can quickly be recouped in terms of energy expenditure.
Education Spokesperson
“Scotland has the oldest education system in the world, and we need to reequip it for the challenges of the twenty-first century.
We need to build on our strengths in Scotland - not make the mistakes that have afflicted education south of the Border.
The SNP will invest in more teachers, and invest to repair crumbling school buildings.
”
THE SNP MANIFESTO 1997
7: Serving a Better Scotland
SNP Vice President
“Scotland is experience a renaissance in the arts, which the SNP will build on.
We will introduce incentives to encourage the developing film industry in Scotland, and reform broadcasting to encourage both diversity and greater opportunities for Scottish-based programme makers.
The UK National Lottery will be replaced by a “Scot-Lot”.
Reform Housing Tenure and the “Right to Buy”
Some 300,000 houses have been bought under the Tory “right to buy” legislation, usually at a discounted price.
This has left a disproportionate number of council houses in poor condition as the best of the stock has been purchased.
It would be illogical to increase investment in socially affordable housing if it was then simply to be sold at a discount.
New or improved houses coming on stream from the building and renovation programme will be protected from the right to buy at a discounted price.
Those with existing tenancy agreements will however retain the right within the homes they presently occupy.
A right to buy at full market value will continue for all tenants.
An SNP Government will replace Scottish Homes with a new accountable housing agency whose remit will be to deal with Scotland’s housing problems, improve Scotland’s housing stock and provide affordable housing.
Housing Associations and other bodies have a valuable role to play in these objectives and must be involved in policy formulation and in delivery.
The SNP is the only party which has costed a full programme of action to tackle Scotland’s housing crisis.
Such a programme will not only begin to eliminate homelessness,
it will also create many new jobs and provide a boost for the Scottish economy.
It will reduce housing waiting lists and move Scotland towards the provision of a home for all.
Making Local Government work
Those living in a better Scotland have a right to expect better local services.
An SNP Government, having protected the autonomy of Local Government in a written Constitution,
will expect local authorities to ensure that local services are efficient, effective and well targeted.
As Scottish local authorities will be elected by proportional representation,
the monolithic and unresponsive one party states that Labour has created in many parts of Scotland will be consigned to the past.
Local Government will have restored to it many of the powers lost to unelected quangos and there will be a review of the strategy and organisation of local economic development, with the aim or restoring local democratic control.
Local Government finance will be reformed during the first term of an independent Scottish government and the introduction of local income tax in a subsequent term will remove the anomalies that presently bedevil local funding.
Further adjustments to the support mechanisms for rural and island authorities would even out the support of local government by central government.
An SNP Government would abolish the Water Quangos and return water and sewerage to democratic control.
The arts and leisure
Finally, arts and leisure provision are vital to the well being of society.
An SNP Government will encourage a programme of ‘sport for all’ and will back that policy up by the provision of affordable community sports facilities managed by local authorities.
There will be ministerial responsibility for sports development and in addition to community participation it will be a policy aim to encourage international competitiveness and success.
Scotland’s cultural life is of enormous importance and must be underpinned by an effective Scottish broadcasting system and a raft of public support that opens
THE SNP MANIFESTO 1997
7: Serving a Better Scotland access to all.
An SNP Government will reform Scottish Broadcasting , building on the tradition of excellence that exists but ensuring that Scottish programme making and Scottish concerns are at the heart of an internationally forward looking service.
We will retain a licence fee to support a public sector broadcaster (the Scottish Broadcasting Corporation ) but would encourage a diversity of commercial broadcasting on television and radio including at least one Scottish digital multiplex for a commercial service in the short term.
Recognising that the age of effective protectionist broadcasting regulation is over, we would seek to ensure that the diversity of broadcasting channels observe the legal requirements of taste and decency while offering a wide range of services, and opportunities for Scottish based programme makers.
Such services must include provision in Gaelic and Scots, but such provision must be accessible to wider audiences also.
The SNP wishes to see a strong Scottish media production industry, which also means a strong Scottish film production sector.
The introduction of tax incentives for production along the Irish model has been closely examined by the SNP in recent years, as has experience from elsewhere.
An SNP government will introduce incentives for production and,
through a new “Scottish Screen” (formed as a federation of film supporting, marketing and production orientated bodies ) will lay the basis for a renaissance in script and project development, commercial and non commercial production, marketing, distribution, exhibition and export of film.
The work of the Scottish Arts Council requires adequate Government support but we wish to see the refocussing of the priorities of the Arts Council to support people and traditional arts as well as long established institutions.
A “Scottish Academy” will be established, encouraging excellence and bringing forward new talent in the arts.
Gaelic and Scots must be given equal status with English, both legally and in broadcasting and the arts.
A Scottish Lottery would be established ( under the title “Scot-Lot”) with a more accountable system of distributing funds.
The jackpot payouts would be smaller but the chances of winning would be considerably higher.
Scratch cards would be banned, given the problems of addiction and social disruption they cause.
“Scot-Lot” resources would be available for a wide range of projects, but would not replace government funding for social services.
They could be used for health research in addition to sports, charitable and arts purposes.
These many changes to Scottish life would make life in an independent Scotland a better experience for many of our fellow citizens.
The fact that all these proposals have been costed and can be afforded by an independent Scotland should indicate to all Scottish voters that our constitutional choice is clear and can be made in confidence.
Housing and Local Government Spokesperson
“With Independence, the SNP will entrench the rights of local government in a written Constitution bringing about a genuine partnership between local and central government.
The water quangos will be abolished, and water services returned to local democratic control.
Extra resources will be generated for housing by transferring councils’ housing capital debt to central government.
”
THE SNP MANIFESTO 1997
8: Helping all of Scotland
A better Scotland in which all our citizens can live and work is the ambition and the intention of the Scottish National Party.
But the benefits of such a Scotland have to reach to every part of our country and in so doing any political party has to address other issues and concerns that arise
- issues of traditional industries,
special local concerns,
the environment
and the needs of Scotland’s island and rural communities.
Scotland’s land
Land is the most valuable resource of a nation: but Scotland’s system of land ownership and tenure is amongst the most archaic in the western world.
The SNP has accepted the proposals of the Independent Land Commission to abolish feudal tenure.
The system of feudal overlords has been widely abused and has led to depopulation, massive profits for individuals who care nothing for the land and the people and insecurity for those who thought they had a title to their homes.
It has no place in a modern country, and during the period of its abolition we will consult widely, at home and abroad, to create a modern and fair system of land holding that matches the best to be found anywhere.
We will establish a standing Scottish Land Commission to oversee the abolition of the old and the introduction of the new.
Its membership will be representative of, and nominated by, local communities, land use interests, Members of the Scottish Parliament and Local Government representatives.
There are also interim and urgent measures that can be taken to outlaw abuse of the feudal system prior to a complete change in the law.
One such measure requires only the amendment of two century old Acts of Parliament to prevent ownership of local authority education buildings reverting to those who have speculatively purchased feudal superiorities.
We will  also transfer the powers of the Crown Estate Commissioners and other private owners of the sea shore and inshore seabed to local councils and local councils will be empowered to promote balanced land use and local access.
We will also establish an all Scotland Land Register which will give open access to all enquirers and banish forever the mystery of land ownership behind which many have hidden in recent years, to the detriment of local communities.
Healing and building Scotland’s Agriculture
Scotland’s farmers have been hard hit in recent years by successive Tory failures and by a growing neglect of the importance of the agricultural sector.
Scotland, as a sparsely populated country, needs a strong agricultural base
and that base can contribute greatly to Scottish exports and to the international reputation of our nation.
The agricultural sector already contributes 3% of GDP.
The Scottish farming community will be best represented by a seat at the top table in Europe for the country in which they live and by an independent Scottish government:
our farmers and farming communities are presently of minor concern to any UK government, as the BSE crisis has shown.
The SNP promoted a Scottish solution to the EU ban from day one, but the British government has refused to countenance such relief for Scottish beef farmers and the Scottish beef industry, even when invited to by the European Union.
A tracability scheme can be introduced into the Scottish herd within a matter of months , giving Scottish beef producers the platform they need for re-entry.
THE SNP MANIFESTO 1997
8: Helping all of Scotland
Ending the ban is the first priority;
then we must work to restore our reputation in Europe.
No independent Scottish government would ever have allowed BSE to gain such a foothold
and our regulatory and animal health regime must become the best in the world again.
The Independent Scottish Food Agency will be a partner of the agricultural sector in restoring the domestic and international trade
and will also work with producers to instil and enforce the best practices in the world.
Agricultural policy is not, of course, based only on what has gone wrong in the past:
Scottish agriculture has tremendous strengths, rooted in the skills and experience of those who passionately care for the land and for the future of their businesses.
We need to develop a sustainable agricultural sector in Scotland.
We need to reform the Common Agricultural Policy to ensure that support goes to those working the land as opposed simply to products and sectors.
We need to develop new techniques, innovate in husbandry and production and widen the access to modern machinery, by supporting machinery rings.
We must also promote sensitive rural diversification ( which will be paid for out of a rural development fund amounting to some £10 million per year) and sectors of the industry such as horticulture so that, with fair competition within the EU, we can widen the scope of Scottish agriculture and broaden the financial rewards.
A priority will be to assist Scottish producers to have more and better access to the wholesale market and to retail outlets.
The SNP’s commitment to Scottish agriculture is firm and clear.
Scottish farmers, producers and all those who work in ancillary industries, can only have their priorities met by an independent Scottish government which places their concerns firmly on the European and domestic agendas.
Scotland’s Forests
Forestry is also a considerable national resource, and one which can be better used for the benefit of all.
The SNP will promote the development of a sustainable Forest Industry in Scotland by establishing a National Forest Enterprise Board (replacing the Forestry Commission) to undertake the commercial management and development of Scotland’s national forests in accordance with the land use strategy agreed by the Scottish Land Commission.
The key priority will be to double forest and woodland cover within 25 years, with a particular emphasis on native woodland.
This will not only have economic benefits but will also assist the environment by increasing the absorption of carbon dioxide.
In parallel with this development, the NFEB will work with the private sector to stimulate wood using industries , which deepened upon sustainable production from native tree species.
Private forest ownership can be of great benefit but tax incentives for such ownership must be targeted towards those who intend to build forestry and the forest industries, not just shelter their money for a while.
The SNP is also committed to greater recreational use of forests, and the Land Commission, in enabling better public land access, will be mindful of the need to secure sensible forest access as well.
Crofting
Rural Affairs Spokesperson
“The BSE crisis shows that Scottish agriculture suffers from not having a direct voice in Europe, and Independence will end this dismal and damaging state of affairs.
A Scottish government will also make better use of our native forestry resources, and support crofting.
Scotland’s system of land ownership and tenure is among the most archaic in the Western world, and abolishing the feudal system will be a priority.
”
THE SNP MANIFESTO 1997
8: Helping all of Scotland
Environment Spokesperson
“The SNP’s concern is to ensure a positive relationship between faster growth and sustainable development, and all policies will be subject to an environmental impact assessment.
The SNP will support research and development initiatives in the field of clean technology and engineering, renewable energy, and general waste reprocessing and management.
Crofter and tenant farmers have a role to play in forest development, treating” (where holdings allow) timber as a common crop.
But this will be suitable for a small minority of crofters only.
The SNP wishes to see the Crofters Commission transformed into a National Crofting Development Agency with the power to assist crofting in the Highlands and Islands and small land tenure elsewhere.
The great strength of crofting is its ability to keep populations on the land and to prevent consequent depopulation of vital areas.
Crofting is a way of life, but rarely a principal occupation.
Accordingly assisting crofters to purchase crofting estates should be done as part of an overall development scheme for those areas, where new employment can be provided in new enterprises as well as enhanced crofting opportunities.
The crofting estates that currently belong to the Crown should be returned to the people who live on them,
but the opportunity to develop vibrant communities on crofting estates should not apply only to those who, by accident of tenure, are tenants of the Crown.
Private ownership should also be subject to regulation for purchase under clear conditions.
Scotland’s Fishing Industry
All the evidence in the history of the Common Fisheries Policy points to the harsh reality that the UK has been happy , more often than not, to trade off fishing interests for other goals in European policy.
Scottish fishermen have paid the price for that UK hypocrisy.
An SNP Government would use its improved influence as a full Member State in negotiations for a new European fisheries policy to ensure that the founding principles of the original CFP , in particular relative stability, are permanent components of future fisheries agreements .
The processing sector, which provides vital employment and has good opportunities for expansion, must be supported particularly in an environment where rival sectors, for example on the Humber, are being allocated significant public resources.
The Scottish Exports Unit will be of particular help to this sector.
The fundamental objective of the SNP fisheries policy is to create a well managed and properly conserved fishery.
The SNP proposes six fundamental reforms which would assist the Scottish fishing industry:
A new framework whereby coastal states with the greatest historic interests in specific fisheries would be able to take the key control and management decisions relating to the fisheries in the waters off their coasts in Regional Fisheries Management Councils.
New measures for the processing sector seeking to promote continuity, security and stability of supplies , backed by assistance towards infrastructure costs, training packages and maximising the potential to add value to fisheries products.
A rigorous but fair policing regime enforceable equally in all EU waters.
Greater emphasis on technical measures to conserve fish stocks.
Improvements in the efficiency and effectiveness of research.
* Priority to areas with a high degree of fishing dependence , population sparsity and peripherality to be built in to fisheries policy.
THE SNP MANIFESTO 1997
8: Helping all of Scotland
The SNP has allocated an additional £10 million per annum within the Independence Budget to achieve the following strategic objectives:
Levering the maximum benefit of EU financial assistance to coastal regions by committing an extra £5 million from government resources to structural support and socio-economic measures.
Promoting fisheries products and marketing initiatives, stressing the health value of fish with an additional £800,000 spend co-ordinated by a new processing task force.
An additional £1.6 million for harbour and infrastructure improvements which will leverage additional European funds.
Improving the effectiveness of research.
The Environment
Scotland’s international reputation is as a clean nation, rich in land and water.
But in reality Scotland is now threatened by a number of environmental hazards.
We must ensure that Scotland’s environment is restored and our people given back a confidence in their surroundings.
We must also put in place the best environmental standards, so that we cease to heedlessly waste resources, and instead contribute to the betterment of our planet and those with whom we share it.
The SNP will retain the Scottish Environmental Protection Agency and will ensure that it is independent of the Executive and responsible to the Scottish Parliament.
Its expanded task will be to
Establish stricter controls on pollution of the atmosphere, sea , inland waters and land.
Control, develop and promote the means of environmental rehabilitation
Establish codes of practice for industry
Ensure that there is full public consultation on, and enquiry into, the environmental impact of major projects and government policies.
An SNP Government will also promote recycling, and contribute to global environmental protection.
As part of the overall strategy of government an SNP Government will establish and enshrine National Environmental Targets.
An opportunity for Dounreay
It goes without saying that no SNP Government would permit Nuclear Reprocessing to take place in Scotland.
Nuclear reprocessing at Dounreay would end immediately an SNP Government was elected and arrangements would be made for all nuclear material originating furth of Scotland to be returned to their country of origin.
Materials originating in Scotland will require to be stored in Scotland for as long as environmentally required.
However, rather than this determination being seen as a threat to the people of Dounreay, it should be seen as a major opportunity.
Employment in clean up, storage and decommissioning will be a long term prospect for many people;
many others will be employed in a new renewable energy research and development centre which will be established at Dounreay.
An energy rich nation
The vital resource of the 20th century has been energy.
And in the 21st century energy self sufficiency, still more the ability to export energy or energy sources, will remain of great importance to any nation.
Transport and Telecommunications Spokesperson
“Scotland needs an integrated transport network which will give good access to all parts of the country, speed the delivery of goods and services, and bring the nation closer together.
Priorities for the SNP are bringing Railtrack back into public ownership, ending the Skye Bridge tolls, and abolishing the Airport Tax in the Highlands & Islands.
”
THE SNP MANIFESTO 1997
8: Helping all of Scotland
Marine Resources Spokesperson
“Marine resources have long been one of Scotland’s key assets, and provide the lifeblood for many communities.
Support will be provided for the regeneration of the fishing fleet.
The promotion of Scottish fisheries products will be enhanced, and resources provided for harbour and infrastructure modernisation.
”
Scotland is an energy rich nation.
That fact alone should give us the confidence to face the future in the normal state of independence.
But , as part of the bankrupt and out of date Union, we do not use our energy wealth wisely.
In fact our wealth is being squandered by Westminster.
An Independent Scotland will secure a division of North Sea oil assets based upon the latitude of 55o 50’ north or the international legal principle of equidistance.
The Continental Shelf (Jurisdictional) Order already provides such a division, and this order dating from 1968 presently places operations in either an “English” sector (governed by English Law) or a “Scottish” sector (governed by Scottish Law).
This division has been operated by successive Labour and Tory Governments and places 90% north sea output under “Scottish” control , a percentage that is growing as the exploitable reserves move north.
All existing obligations to oil and gas operators will be honoured, and the SNP envisages no substantive change in the taxation regime so that there can be a clear, stable and continuing climate for the oil industry.
The policy of an SNP government will be to secure a sustainable and long term oil industry:
even present estimates indicate that there is as much oil still to be extracted as has already been extracted, and an SNP government will encourage exploration to increase known reserves and to increase recoverability from existing fields.
An SNP Government will seek to add value to Scotland’s energy resources , for example by ending the discriminatory pricing policies which mean that landing charges from Scottish gas fields can be anything up to 17 times those south of the border, a situation which has led to gas from the North Sea by-passing Scotland: the “Great Gas Robbery”.
Failure to achieve a satisfactory resolution of this problem will result in an SNP government examining ways in which the gas network, instead of being owned by a single private company could be jointly owned by all companies with an interest in Scottish gas production and supply, with a guiding golden share held for the public good.
In addition, development of petro-chemical activity that can build on Scottish land fall of Scottish resources will be encouraged.
Whilst the Scottish coal industry has been decimated in recent years, coal still has a part to play in a balanced energy policy.
Whilst the SNP wishes to see tighter controls on open cast mining,
and a clearer environmental evaluation of each proposed project,
deep mining also needs to be re-examined with a view to accessing rich seams that have been abandoned too early and without reference to modern technology.
The SNP is resolutely opposed to Nuclear Power Generation:
at present we have neither the ability to make it totally safe, nor the knowledge to be completely certain about long term effects, and long term problems.
An SNP government will introduce a programme to phase out nuclear generation in Scotland.
The length of this phased programme will be planned to take account of new energy sources coming on stream, and on the safe methods of removing nuclear generation from our energy mix.
There are a number of sources of power in Scotland that are cheaper as well as more environmentally acceptable than Nuclear power and others are developing.
THE SNP MANIFESTO 1997
8: Helping all of Scotland
To replace nuclear generation, Scotland requires to develop alternative energy sources that are renewable and sustainable.
The SNP Budget contains an allocation of funding for this task, and also funding for schemes of energy conservation, which can reduce our demand significantly by reducing heating bills.
Scotland on the move
Scotland needs an integrated transport network, that gives good access to all parts of the country, speeds goods and services,
and brings the nation closer together.
There remains a need for some improvements to the road network, but we must also be mindful of the need to reduce overall car and lorry usage in the years ahead, particularly in our towns and cities.
The solution to reduced car usage in particular lies in better public transport, and the SNP will invest in rail services ,
first of all by returning the Scottish assets of Railtrack into public ownership
and then by modernising and electrifying the East Coast Line , commuter routes and branch lines.
Bus and Coach services are also vital and must be integrated with rail services.
Effective Bus and Coach transport can assist greatly in easing road congestion and regulation of bus operators should recognise the need to guide service development and delivery to achieve that end as well as to ensure the maintenance of vital links.
The SNP regards the tolls presently levied by the Skye Bridge as an unacceptable imposition on the people of Skye and as a great disincentive to the creation and preservation of employment.
The SNP will , in the immediate term, replace the present tolls with “shadow tolls” and will take the bridge into public ownership within the first four years of an SNP government.
The SNP will also move towards the removal of all tolls on Scottish bridges, and will not introduce tolls on any new or existing bridges or roads.
Ferries are vital to Scotland’s communications infrastructure and the national Ferry company, Caledonian MacBrayne will be resourced to operate effective , economical services within Scottish waters
and will be allowed to compete for services from Scotland, including services from a new East of Scotland ferry port.
The SNP will abolish the Air Passenger Duty for the Highlands and Islands , as it unfairly discriminates against Scotland’s most remote communities and will modify it for other areas to reflect the cost of the fare rather than imposing a flat rate which works against much needed low cost air transport.
In keeping with the need to encourage enterprise and development, we will remove unreasonable restrictions on international freight (the so called “fifth freedom”)
and bearing in mind Scotland’s crucial geographical place for Air Traffic Control we will co-operate with our European partners on developing a pan national approach to air space regulation,
whilst developing and modernising our Oceanic Air Traffic Control centre.
Scotland needs more direct air links with the world, and we will work with private operators to make these sustainable,
as well as assisting Scottish airports to provide high quality services easily accessible to passengers.
Developing the Telecommunications Network
A final area of opportunity for all of Scotland is the challenge of the global Telecommunications can not only connect parts of Scotland that would otherwise be remote,
but it can and will also open Scotland up to the world, and the world to Scotland.
Energy Spokesperson
“Scotland is one of the most energy rich nations in Europe, and yet many of our people suffer from fuel poverty.
With Independence, we will develop our sustainable energy sources, and phase out nuclear power.
VAT on fuel will be cut from 8 to 5 per cent.
”
THE SNP MANIFESTO 1997
8: Helping all of Scotland
An SNP Government will strengthen regulation of monopoly suppliers in the Telecommunications Market whilst facilitating greater competition and embracing the drive towards common European and world standards.
The SNP will support communications developments in rural areas, particularly in the Highlands and Islands,
and assist the University of the Highlands and Islands in establishing a world lead in distance learning by the Internet and other means.
Telecrofting and Telecommuting have a much to offer a country like Scotland and an SNP Government will explore tax incentives for individuals and businesses taking this route.
Such patterns of working reduce demand on city transport and facilities and should be encouraged.
However, whatever policies an SNP Government follows it will not impact upon use of the Internet and global communications unless it also takes a strongly pro-active stance in encouraging domestic, educational and business access to , and use of, the information super highway.
The 21st century will be the century of information - information as a resource and as an empowering tool.
Scots have spent too long following trends, rather than setting them, and an SNP Government will set as a policy objective the commercial support of the Internet so that Scottish companies can access, present themselves through, and provide service on the net
and so that individuals and schools can integrate the world’s knowledge base in their own experience, and contribute to it.
The rate of involvement in, and access to, the Internet should be regulated by commerce and competition, but the Government has a role in supporting Scottish endeavours in this field,
and enabling educational use.
Scotland as a technology manufacturing base can gain a great deal by seeking always to be part of the cutting edge of technology,
and this attitude to the Internet, allied with the encouragement of software manufacture and hardware assembly as core Scottish industries, will be assessed at regular intervals so that Government strategy can lead Scotland’s modern potential instead of dragging it down as is the case now.
In keeping with an open and positive philosophy on net use and access, no new regulations on censorship or control will be introduced, but support will be given to a “ratings system” to prevent unwitting access .
However Scots Law will require to develop means of combating computer fraud and existing law needs to be examined to see if its scope can deal with abuse of individuals by computer means.
THE SNP MANIFESTO 1997
9: Scotland in Europe and the World
Professor Christopher Harvie once called Scotland “The invisible nation of Europe”.
It is time for Scotland to become visible again and to resume a place in the world.
The European Union
An SNP Government would wish to make certain that Scotland’s traditional openness to Europe and the World again coloured all our international relations.
With a secure independent Parliament at home,
the benefits of international cooperation and full and equal membership of international organisations would greatly strengthen Scotland’s ability to defend and promote its interests in a world that shrinks each day.
Scotland will be a full member of the European Union, participating fully in the institutions of the Union.
As a small independent country Scotland can have considerable influence in a Europe which is increasingly dominated by small member states.
We will have full voting power in the European Council and the Council of Ministers.
These representatives would be in a position to advocate on Scotland’s behalf with the right of veto over any decisions affecting Scotland’s vital national interests.
This is a far cry from the present powerlessness we endure,
and some considerable distance from the still powerless observer status that Labour proposes under its devolution plans.
An SNP Government will use our influence and voting power to gain the maximum benefits for Scottish industry and the Scottish people.
Our priority would be to enter into the negotiations on the new Common Fisheries Policy to get a better deal for Scotland’s fishing industry and to re-orientate the Common Agricultural Policy towards those who work the land.
We will ensure that rural and urban areas of Scotland receive maximum help from the appropriate EU funds.
Scotland’s representation in the European Parliament would double on Independence and the SNP will support the introduction of a Europe wide voting system for this Parliament to strengthen democracy.
In the interim we will introduce a proportional system for the first elections after independence.
We support extending the Parliament’s powers to include the proper scrutiny of the Council and the Commission.
An Independent Scottish Parliament will elect Scotland’s Commissioner and of course Scotland would take its turn at the European Presidency, bringing substantial benefits to the nation.
Diplomatic Links
Scotland will require a cost effective , efficient and modern diplomatic presence in some of the world’s capitals.
Most small nations do not attempt to emulate the imperial pretensions of the United Kingdom, but instead target their diplomatic effort where it will do most good.
Scotland’s embassies and consulates will exist to promote Scottish trade and industry,
look after Scottish citizens
and represent the best of Scotland to the world.
We already pay our share of the UK diplomatic budget, but receive little in return.
An Independent Scotland would get a much better return for this necessary expenditure.
Dr AllanDr Allan Dr AllanMacartney MEPMacartney MEPMacartney MEP Macartney MEPMacartney MEPEurope and External Affairs Spokesperson “Scotland needs a direct voice in the European Union, so that we can protect and promote our national interests at the top table where the real decisions are taken - instead of being left on the sidelines.
In the wider world, we have a responsibility to meet the UN’s guideline of 0.
7 per cent of GDP devoted to overseas aid, and the SNP will honour this.
”
THE SNP MANIFESTO 1997
9: Scotland in Europe and the World
International Institutions
Independence means joining in, not staying separate.
The real separatists are those who have put us in our present condition, for they do not allow us to take a full part in anything.
Scotland will be a full member of the Commonwealth
and will use its membership both to promote international co-operation and to market its expertise,
particularly in the educational field where Scottish Universities and Colleges already have a good reputation.
Scotland will be a member of the Council of Europe which unites almost all nations on the continent.
The Council is best known for its offshoot, the European Court of Human Rights, and an independent Scotland will fully support the Council and the Court and seek to assist in making its judgements and deliberations effective.
Scotland will be a member of the United Nations.
The Scottish UN Mission would be one of the two most important Scottish diplomatic postings (the other being the Scottish Permanent Representative to the EU)
and Scotland in membership of the UN will support peacekeeping, the development of aid, cultural and educational programmes and
- unlike many members - pay its dues while working for necessary reforms.
Finally Scotland will seek to assist in the establishment of an Association of States of the British Isles which will include England, Wales and Ireland.
This grouping will work together on problems and possibilities that exist in our area and which can be helped by joint action.
Defending Scotland
No part of the UK has played such a central role in the defence of the realm as Scotland.
Its military and naval traditions are well known, and the professionalism of its service men and women will be an enormous asset to an independent state.
At the date of independence all serving service personnel from Scotland will be given the opportunity to transfer to the Scottish Defence Forces.
The same guarantee will apply to all MOD personnel serving in Scotland.
Conscription is neither necessary, desirable nor anticipated.
Indeed, as modern defence rejects conscription and as it is more costly in many ways, conscription would be a backward looking cul de sac.
Because of Scotland’s geographic position, vital assets and international perspective, a modern, efficient and appropriate defence structure can be established that will be professional, well resourced and well targeted to its tasks.
The Scottish Army will require infantry battalions, a commando battalion, an armoured regiment, and the requisite combat support and combat supply service units.
Stationed at existing barracks the Army will require 9000 regulars, 16000 regular reservists, 7000 national reserves and 2000 MOD civilians.
Traditional Scottish regiments will be restored wherever possible.
The Scottish Navy will require both surface and submarine craft based at Faslane and Rosyth with a berthing base at Lerwick.
It will have 5000 regulars, 2000 regular reserves and 600 national reserves as well as 5000 MoD personnel.
The Scottish Air Force will have both fixed wing and helicopter capability.
THE SNP MANIFESTO 1997
9: Scotland in Europe and the World
The main bases will be Leuchars, Kinloss, and Lossiemouth.
There will be 6000 regulars , 3650 regular reservists, 400 national reserves and 2850 MoD civilians.
The Scottish Defence Forces will prioritise joint services training, and support and command structures will be developed to avoid needless and costly duplication of effort.
A culture of inter service co-operation will be central to the Force’s philosophy.
The traditions of Scottish units, built up over many years, will be fostered and maintained in the Defence Forces.
An Independent Scotland will contribute to, and benefit from, international co-operation especially in peace keeping, training, and conflict resolution.
In addition to the SNP’s support for an EU Common Security and Defence Policy we would participate in the Western European Union, the Organisation for Security and Co-operation in Europe, the North Atlantic Co-operation Council and the Partnership for Peace.
A Peacekeeping college will be established in Scotland to instruct SDF and foreign personnel in the theory and practice of peace keeping and seek to place Scotland in the forefront of international peacekeeping efforts.
The SNP have a long standing objection to nuclear weapons.
We will negotiate a phased but complete withdrawal of Trident from the Clyde and invest our savings from this costly , deadly and unnecessary nuclear deterrent in conventional defence as well as in other priorities including health and education.
An independent Scotland will inherit a treaty obligation to NATO.
However our opposition to nuclear defence will make our continued participation in nuclear alliances difficult.
We therefore propose to negotiate a phased withdrawal from NATO
but will retain military co-operation with NATO nations as a result of our other proposed international involvements already mentioned above.
Defence Industries in Scotland will be free to carry on their businesses in cooperation with firms outside Scotland.
Their end user certifications will be subject to stringent scrutiny, but at the same time Scottish firms will have priority in tendering for SDF contracts within the constraints of EU legislation.
Refit of the SDF navy will take place at Rosyth,
and the rolling programme of equipment replacement should enhance the position of Scottish defence contractors who will, at last, have a national force to attend to
without being totally dependent on the lottery of UK defence procurement procedures run from distant and often deaf Whitehall.
The SNP will also promote Defence Diversification , with funding already allocated in the SNP Budget.
The highly skilled Scottish defence manufacturing companies, and their workers, will have a brighter future both in supplying the SDF and in being encouraged and assisted to expand their abilities and markets.
Scotland helping the world.
It has been, and remains, a matter of shame that the UK, one of the richer nations of the world, is so miserly when it comes to international aid.
The UK presently falls far short of the agreed international target of 0.7% of GDP to be spent on international aid.
Indeed further recent cuts have taken the UK’s GDP share to below 0.3%.
The SNP has budgeted for a steady growth from this low point (which we shall inherit), with the aim of reaching 0.7% in six years.
This period will allow the development of the necessary infrastructure, both governmental and voluntary, to meet the challenge of overseas aid and relief work.
Defence Spokesperson
“An independent Scotland will benefit from strong conventional forces, and will have no place for expensive and useless Trident nuclear weapons.
Like other small nations, we will participate in European defence structures, and invest in defence diversification.
”
THE SNP MANIFESTO 1997
9: Scotland in Europe and the World
Small countries in Europe lead the way in aid, relief and international assistance.
Sweden, Norway and Denmark are good examples of different models that work well.
Scotland can be amongst them and with independence it will be.
Kenny MacAskillKenny MacAskillKenny MacAskillKenny MacAskillKenny MacAskillSNP National Treasurer
“Only the SNP stand up for the mainstream Scottish values of enterprise and compassion - and that is reflected throughout this manifesto document.
We are the only real Scottish party standing in this election.
We don’t take our orders from London.
We put Scotland first - every time.
”
THE SNP MANIFESTO 1997
10: Paying for Scotland’s Future
This manifesto has laid out the main proposals of the SNP for the creation of an independent nation once again
and the sensitive, compassionate and forward looking governance of that nation which the SNP believe can be delivered.
But plans would be worthless without the resources to pay for them.
And because the SNP aspire to govern Scotland, we also plan in detail for our country.
That is why we publish with this manifesto a fully costed budget for the first four years of independence.
That budget takes account of the riches of Scotland and of the extra resources we can generate by a new approach to business and individual taxation.
It lays out those areas in which we can re-order spending , switching resources from needless projects like Trident, to needed projects like new schools and hospitals.
Whilst the accompanying document explains the budget measures in detail, the chart opposite gives the basic financial information and answers the questions:
Where is the money coming from?
and
Where is the money going?
It also gives that strong affirmation that Alex Salmond used in his introduction.
For it says
YES WE CAN!
10: Paying for Scotland’s Future
THE SNP MANIFESTO 1997
Using your vote
On the 1st of May you will have the opportunity of using your vote to choose Scotland’s future.
The SNP has laid out in this manifesto its plans and proposals, and - alone amongst the political parties - has clearly costed them .
Also alone amongst the political parties, the Scottish National Party is offering a programme made for Scotland in Scotland:
a programme that uses Scottish resources and Scottish principles to solve Scottish problems.
Independence is the normal status for nations.
More than half of the nations of the world are smaller than Scotland, and most are much poorer.
Yet they have chosen independence, and not one would wish to give it up.
We can do so too - together.
We can answer the questions about our future with the confident statement
“YES WE CAN”
Yes We Can be free:
Yes We Can be independent:
Yes We Can pay our way in the world.
And yes, we must!
Heart of the Manifesto 2001
Our Platform
We stand for Scotland
The SNP stands for Scotland.
We stand for Independence and
we stand for the people -all the people - who live in our rich country.
At the Westminster election the people of Scotland have a choice.
A choice between the Scottish National Party that stands for Scotland
and which campaigns for Independence
or the London parties which have failed our country for too long.
A vote for Scotland
The election of SNP MPs to the Westminster Parliament is a vote for Scotland and a vote for Independence.
A vote for MPs committed to win Independence,
and who will work to bring about Independence as quickly as possible.
It is also a vote to win more powers for the Scottish Parliament and
a vote for MPs who will always put Scotland first.
The more SNP MPs elected to Westminster, the stronger the case for a referendum on Independence.
A majority of SNP MPs will trigger a referendum.
This means our country gets the chance to vote for Independence -
to complete the powers of our Parliament -
in a democratic referendum.
In advance of that referendum, all SNP MPs will put the case for more and complete powers for the Scottish Parliament from day one in the Westminster Parliament.
To be effective the Scottish Parliament must have the ability to take the key decisions that matter to the people of this country.
SNP MPs will argue for what is in the Scottish interest at all times
and will campaign strongly against all anti-Scottish legislation and measures at Westminster.
The SNP has no split loyalty;
we work first, last and always for the Scottish interest.
Our Contract with the people
The more SNP MPs elected to the Westminster Parliament, the more we can do for Scotland.
And every vote for the SNP is a vote for the strongest voice for our country.
Each and every SNP MP will go to Westminster with three key aims.
Drive Scotland forward to Independence,
completing the powers of the Scottish  Parliament -
The stronger our voice, the stronger we can be in making the case for Independence
delivered by a democratic referendum.
Deliver the best deal for Scotland -
the larger the SNP presence in the House of Commons, the better chance we have of making sure that Scotland gets the best deal.
Protect Scotland from the worst failings of Westminster rule -
the more SNP MPs, the greater the chance we have of stopping the next fuel tax hike
or the next attack on Scottish public spending.
Our Independence vision
Independence can release the energy, potential and opportunities needed to transform our country and
to build a vibrant, exciting future for our children.
We have a vision of Scotland that is a just, caring and enterprising country
where individuals are able to get on in the world regardless of where they have come from.
We believe strongly that there is a modern role for Scotland’s democratic government as a keystone in building a modern Scottish society and economy.
It is through our government that we can pool our collective resources as a society and focus them on delivering a healthy,
well-educated people,
living in a 21 st century environment and
cared for in times of need.
Scotland already has a Parliament but that Parliament has very limited powers.
We stand for completing the powers of our Parliament –
removing powers over issues that remain in London
and bringing them back to Scotland and
equipping the Scottish people with the same powers as every other normal country in the world.
We stand for giving the people of Scotland the chance to vote for the power to decide where they spend the resources and revenue of Scotland.
To decide the amount of investment in public services they
want and the amount of benefits they wish to allocate to those in need.
All those powers are with London at present
and we stand for transferring them to the Scottish Parliament.
Government from London will never deliver what we stand for
and what the people of Scotland demand.
The SNP stands to change that.
Scotland has a wealth of potential as a country.
We have all the ingredients to make a success of our economy and our society,
but we need the confidence in ourselves to make that success happen.
Normal status in the world is what Independence is about.
We stand for a modern vision to transform Scotland with 21 st Century Independence.
Using the wealth of Scotland to work for Scotland
Scotland is a wealthy country and can afford to invest more in public services.
However, we need to ensure that we can invest in the long term by using the benefits of Scotland’s wealth of resources.
Scotland will send £7.7 billion to Westminster more than we will receive back over the two years to 2002, as we published in Scotland’s 21 st Century Opportunity - Government Expenditures & Revenues in Scotland 2000-2002.
We will establish the Scottish Fund for Future Generations (SFFG) as a means of securing that long-term investment.
By committing our surplus oil revenues to the SFFG we will lock up the benefits of years of plenty forever.
This fund will produce a sustainable stream of income for investment from the depletion of scarce natural resources.
The extent of this income will vary with the revenues committed and the rates of return on investment achieved.
The investment in the SFFG could be £4.9 billion in the next year alone.
The income from that one year’s investment could in turn be worth in excess of £390 million a year in-perpetuity assuming an 8 per cent benchmark real rate of return.
That money would be available for reinvestment in public services on a sustainable basis.
The income from the fund is projected to top £1 billion a year after five years and could reach £5 billion per year in time.
Norway is already achieving income levels of this order after only five years of operating such a fund.
We will also establish the Scottish Trust for Public Investment (STPI).
This will target low cost investment into public infrastructure by competing costly PFI/PPP financed projects out of the market.
By operating on a not for profit basis, spreading risk and gathering expertise under one roof,
together with a secure government income stream,
the STPI could cut the cost of capital compared to PFI in half.
This will release a massive amount of resources for re-investment into public service infrastructure.
Our Policies
Constitution
The Scottish National Party believes that an Independent Scotland must have a written Constitution that clearly enshrines the rights and responsibilities of all those who choose to live in Scotland.
In the context of EU citizenship, the SNP have an open and inclusive approach to Scottish citizenship.
The automatic right of citizenship will be open to all those living in Scotland,
all those born in Scotland and
all those with a parent born in Scotland.
All others are free to apply.
With Independence,
the Queen and her successors will remain as Head of State of Scotland, as defined within the written Constitution,
subject to the democratic consent of the people in a referendum.
The Scottish National Party supports the introduction of proportional representation at all levels of government.
Quangos
Public confidence in the quango system is at an all time low.
This is exacerbated by the failure of quangos and
ministers to be held accountable when they deliver poor performance.
We will examine the role and effectiveness of the current range of quangos with a view to abolishing the excessive number of quangos operating in Scotland
and to replace the quango state with a democratic state.
We will introduce measures to increase the control of the Scottish Parliament over appointments to
and performance of those quangos that will remain.
In particular, we support the current Private Member’s Bill in the Scottish Parliament regarding scrutiny of Scotland’s quangos.
Civil Service
Independence will provide job security and new opportunities for civil servants -
within the Scottish Executive,
Executive Agencies
and those UK departments employing staff within Scotland - to advance to the top of their profession.
Student Funding
The SNP believes in the right of free access to higher education.
We support the complete abolition of tuition fees,
whether these are due up front or paid back after graduation.
As resources allow we will build on existing maintenance grant provision to re-create a decent maintenance grant
and remove the dependence on student loans.
We are supportive of the additional recommendations of the Cubie Report,
in particular those relating to the restoration of state benefits
and our Westminster MPs will argue for this.
Children & Families
The SNP has a long-standing commitment to the reduction of the voting age and
would like young people from the age of 16 to have voting entitlement.
The SNP would progress towards full implementation of the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child.
The establishment of a powerful and independent Children’s Commissioner for Scotland is fully supported by the SNP
and is essential in promoting awareness of childrens’ rights and
challenging individual breaches of rights.
As part of our commitment to family life we will support agencies which offer assistance to couples seeking counselling
and help during times of difficulty.
Education
The SNP wants all Scots to fulfil their potential.
We must draw out of each generation the very best that they have to give to their society and to themselves.
We must value education for its own sake,
but also because enterprise, creativity and ambition all flow from the results of successful and continuing education.
The SNP will help Scottish education to become internationally respected once again.
We will do that by taking education out of the political battleground
and bringing forward proposals to depressurise a system that has been over stressed by central prescription.
Our priority policy proposals
We would impose a moratorium on further change in the classroom and in educational administration until we have established an Education Convention,
chaired by the Education Minister and comprising a wide range of representatives from across Scotland and from throughout education.
It will have the responsibility of debating policy proposed by Government prior to the legislative process,
and on making recommendations for implementation
after it has been approved by Parliament.
It will compliment the work of Government and Parliament.
The Convention will be established in the first year of an SNP government.
Thereafter the SNP will bring forward for pre and post legislative consultation through the Convention three major priority initiatives:
We will introduce a phased reduction of Primary 1,
2
and 3 class sizes to 18 or below,
initially targeting areas of social deprivation.
This will be done by increased investment in teachers,
schools
and materials.
We will end publication of selective information that leads to the compilation of misleading league tables which are increasingly seen as disruptive to the process of learning
and which produce no benefit for young people themselves.
We will also critically examine the present externally imposed target setting for
schools and bring about a reduction in the burden of assessment on young people,
Teachers
and schools.
We will develop a system in which the professional judgement of teachers is the central element
and in which powers abrogated to others in these matters will be returned to the classroom.
We will start on a major programme of school refurbishment and
repair, using the innovative opportunity created by the STPI that will enable us to do more work,
more efficiently.
Standing for success
The SNP is committed to the full implementation of the McCrone settlement
and this will greatly assist in developing a new atmosphere in Scotland’s schools.
We will re-examine the duties of parents with the aim of ensuring that they play a full partnership role with schools and take responsibility for their children.
We shall also bring forward changes in formal parental representation in schools,
replacing the present School Board structure with new arrangements taking account of the already expressed views of COSLA and others.
We will also pursue other measures, including:- restructuring Her Majesty’s Inspectorate to consist of a small core of professional managers supported in actual inspection by secondees from schools;
introduction of measures that will ease the transition between nursery and primary school;
delivery of appropriate and effective training for teachers in information and communication technology;
creation of new guidelines on school closures, with a presumption against closure of rural schools except in clearly specified circumstances;
and production of high quality teaching materials
on Scottish history, language and literature.
We will place a duty in law to provide Gaelic medium education
where there is reasonable demand and developing Gaelic medium provision in the primary and secondary sectors.
We will also conduct a legislative review of the provision of school transport.
We support positive steps to ensure that the particular needs of Catholic schools are recognised in professional training and development
and that the contribution of Catholic schools to the diversity and richness of the Scottish educational scene is fully realised.
We will ensure that the needs of ethnic minority groups are met in mainstream schooling
and that anti-racism is a core element in a child’s growing understanding of our multicultural society.
Other measures will include developing the concept of Community;
enhancing the role of community education;
assisting teachers to impart the essential elements of citizenship education through their professional development;
recognising that mainstream schools with an inclusive orientation are
the most effective means of meeting the needs of all learners who share an equal entitlement to be there;
properly supporting moves towards more inclusive education for those with special needs;
providing support and back up for teachers in difficult circumstances in the classroom;
and providing back up where indiscipline and truancy are significant problems.
Jobs
We will create an economic climate to end unemployment.
Our philosophy is based on building on Scotland’s strengths,
and tackling the weaknesses that inhibit growth.
More than anything, we are determined to create a specific Scottish economic policy suited to the economic profile of our nation.
Enterprise & Jobs
Our programme of infrastructure investment through the Scottish Trust for Public Investment
will give Scots businesses improved access to world markets through a modern and reliable road,
rail,
sea and
air network.
We will ensure Scotland does not get by-passed by the digital revolution by ensuring that Scotland has direct access to the internet and
broadband capacity throughout the country.
And our focus on reskilling Scotland will work to ensure that one of the key ingredients of a successful economy, a highly educated, flexible and skilled workforce, is in place to allow both the growth of indigenous enterprises,
but also to encourage the relocation of high-skill, value-added international investors to our country.
Economic development agencies must become more focused
and less bureaucratic.
They must be more accessible and less regulatory.
Their aim is to facilitate and add value to indigenous and incoming business.
They should stimulate not suffocate.
Finally, because we believe in Scotland, because we stand for Scotland,
we will be best placed to sell Scotland as a marketplace,
as a holiday destination
and as a key export partner.
We will ensure that Scotland’s businesses get better and wider representation across the world,
and that every effort is made to promote Scotland as a world beating business
and tourist centre.
To this end, we will bring the tourist agency into Scotland’s enterprise network.
Tourism
Scotland’s tourism industry has been under-valued
and the Scottish Executive has completely mishandled attempts to revitalise the industry.
A confident and quality industry aiming to achieve an ambitious expansion of business levels can be achieved, but only with the correct policy direction.
The two key strategic aims in developing the industry must be to market the product
and make access cheaper and simpler.
The recent structural changes to the Scottish Tourist Board and Visit Scotland recognise that change is required.
However, much more remains to be done.
Fundamentally, the organisation must move away from seeing itself as a regulatory body to being a marketing body, which sells the product of a holiday or break in Scotland, at home and abroad.
More effective marketing and the direct promotion of Scotland to replace the role of the British Tourist Authority is required.
We need to ensure that we maximise our profile in our key areas
not disperse our resources in peripheral ones.
Access to Scotland is fundamental.
The lack of a Scottish gateway airport is a clear impediment.
Hence, there is a requirement to ensure that our marketing also dovetails with a transport strategy.
The SNP will campaign for better transport links for visitors to enter Scotland.
Employment
The SNP at Westminster will press for devolution of the New Deal to Scotland,
and in government will refocus the millions of pounds invested in this programme to create a Better Deal by targeting people living in Scotland’s job black spots
and providing additional training, support and encouragement for long-term and
youth unemployed.
This will come as part of a project of national reskilling,
and will assist those who too often slip off the statistics and out of the New Deal programme.
Minimum Wage
The SNP has long supported a minimum wage set at half male median earnings.
SNP MPs at Westminster and an SNP government would support an immediate increase of the minimum wage to £4.36 for all Scots regardless of their age.
This is a 16°k increase on current levels compared to Labour’s proposal of a 9°k increase.
We would aim to achieve a similar increase for the following year.
We would end age discrimination and the minimum wage would apply for all Scots regardless of their age.
The lowest paid young Scots working a 40-hour week would gain £2350 a year extra under SNP plans.
Workers over 21 on the minimum wage would see an increase in income of £1350 a year.
Any such moves would follow discussion with employers and trades unions about implementation.
Recognising the possible impact of a higher minimum wage on small businesses in Scotland, the SNP’s review of the tax system will develop measures to reduce employment costs for small businesses using the increased revenue that will accrue to the Exchequer from higher tax income resulting from a higher minimum wage,
Trades Unions
In the last UK Parliament, it was the SNP who stood for Scotland’s trades unions by pressing the case for fair ballots for trade union recognition in the workplace,
in contrast to the government’s system, which meant a majority of votes did not mean recognition.
Our support for Scotland’s trades unions will continue.
We will guarantee the rights of trades unions
and the rights of representation for workers through a statutory Charter of Trade Union Rights.
We support the EU Directive on collective redundancies
and will argue strongly for the ratification of other employee involvement laws.
Environment
The SNP stands for a clean, safe and sustainable environment in Scotland.
With so many key industries - agriculture,
tourism
and fisheries - dependent on Scotland’s environmental image,
maintaining and protecting our natural environment must be central to any government’s priorities.
An SNP government will strive to ensure that Scotland becomes a world leader in securing a sustainable environment
and quality of life for all,
recognising that local action can have global impact and
that environmental problems do not respect national boundaries.
We will contribute towards international climate change targets.
We oppose the UK government climate change levy
and have particular concerns about its impact on hydroelectric power.
We will undertake an evaluation of the risks from climate change
and will produce a strategy to address these risks.
As a first step to securing this objective an SNP government will commission a State of the Nation Environmental Audit to assess Scotland’s current position.
From this we will establish a National Environment Plan (NEP),
which will set stretching standards
and targets to meet Scotland’s international obligations,
and where appropriate, surpass these objectives.
In the short term, at Westminster, we will press for SEPA to be given statutory monitoring powers over military facilities in Scotland so that there is proper environmental regulation of MoD practices such as the dumping of depleted uranium in the Solway Firth.
In government the SNP will seek to ensure Scotland produces 12% of all its energy requirements from renewable sources by 2010,
including 25% of its electricity.
We will not build any more nuclear power stations.
Existing facilities will be decommissioned at the end of their economic or technical capacity.
Dounreay will be supported as an international centre of decommissioning,
allowing Scotland to export its expertise.
We are committed to the development of a resource efficient culture in Scotland, supporting the key concepts of the "six Rs" - Refuse, Reduce, Re-use, Refurbish, Recycle, Recover.
The SNP is committed to the Precautionary and Polluter Pays Principles,
and in government will introduce an integrated system of pollution prevention and control.
As part of our Comprehensive Tax Review, we will examine the system of Landfill Tax Credits.
Water
An SNP government will undertake an immediate review of the water industry's financial arrangements bringing to an end sky-high increases in water charges and a halt to backdoor privatisation.
Suitable protection for low-income households
and the voluntary sector will be introduced.
The three water quangos will be given a more democratic and accountable structure.
An exemption will be sought from the Competition Act, to allow the industry to cope with the significant challenges that it already faces,
and consider the implications of competition.
Health
The SNP recognises that those who work in the health service are already committed to delivering real improvements
and we support them in their efforts.
We are also supportive of many of the initiatives published in the Scottish Health Plan.
The SNP’s policy platform is not an alternative to the initiatives that are already planned or underway.
What it does is identify key areas where the SNP believes that government could and should go further.
A healthy partnership
The SNP believes that the National Health Service is too important to be a political football.
We will establish a National Health Care Commission (NHCC),
chaired by the Minister for Health & Community Care with cross party representation of MSPs, representatives of the health profession and unions together with members of the wider community.
The Commission will be charged with setting the strategic direction for NHS Scotland
and given a central role in the drive to end postcode treatment.
The NHCC will be instrumental in raising morale of health professionals,
which is at an all time low,
not least in the primary care sector.
A recent survey of GPs in Scotland found that nearly 80% did not feel included in changes in the NHS.
That must change if there is to be a genuine partnership approach to improving our health service.
The Commission will also examine how local healthcare co-operatives can best be empowered to deliver real improvements.
Prevention is better than cure
Making Scotland a healthier place to live is at the heart of our policy platform.
Free fruit in schools.
We will target policies and resources in improving the health of Scotland’s children and encouraging in our young people -
and hopefully their parents
-a culture of healthy eating.
We will extend on a national basis the practice of a few local authorities of providing free fruit in schools
and will provide, during term time, a free daily portion of fruit to every primary school pupil in Scotland.
2.  Healthier school meals.
We will also act to regulate the nutritional content of school meals
- which for many children is the main meal of the day
- to ensure that the food children eat at school meets minimum nutritional standards.
Equality of access to health provision and health care
The SNP is committed to restoring a system in which access to health care is determined by a professional assessment of clinical need
and not by the lottery of a patient’s residence.
The SNP pledges to end postcode treatment within our first term in government.
No patient will be denied access to a drug or treatment that has been positively assessed by the Health Technology Board for Scotland (HTBS).
The SNP will substantially increase the budget of the HTBS to enable it to expand its workload
and increase the number of assessments that it carries out each year.
The findings of the HTBS will be binding on health boards.
The NHCC will have a central role in the drive to end postcode treatment.
It will be for the Commission to identify instances where the care and treatment of patients in any area falls significantly below that in other areas.
The NHCC will be empowered to work pro-actively with the relevant health bodies to ensure that effective action is taken to bring the quality of care up to acceptable standards.
Dental Health
The SNP in government will re-introduce free dental check ups for everyone in Scotland.
Prescription charges
The SNP will act to end the unfairness inherent in the prescription charges system.
We will freeze the level of prescription charges immediately,
and establish an independent, short-term working party to review the level of charges and the categories of exemption.
Highest quality care and treatment for all
We support and will continue the drive to set and maintain national standards of clinical excellence.
We will take action to ensure that patients are treated as quickly and as close to home as is possible
and clinically appropriate,
and in settings that are clean,
modern,
properly staffed
and well equipped.
Our early priorities will be to invest in reequipping NHS Scotland
and tackling staff shortages.
A modern, well-equipped health service
The SNP is determined to make significant progress by delivering real investment in our first term.
Over the next twenty-five years, the NHS will spend nearly £3 billion under PFI contracts,
to service capital investment of only £ 1 billion.
Through the STPI, we will lever in considerably more investment to NHS Scotland for the same or greater scale of commitment.
We will carry out an audit of the age and effectiveness of existing hospital equipment
and use the results of the audit to target capital investment to ensure that our hospitals are at the cutting edge of medical technology.
Cleaner hospitals
The SNP will invest an extra £4 million in a "Clean Hospitals Fund" to enable an immediate clean up of Scotland’s hospitals.
More nurses
We will take action with the aim of employing at least 1,500 more nurses in the health service.
We will also launch a nurse recruitment campaign to encourage young people to enter the profession
and qualified nurses who have left it to return.
Shorter waiting times
With the investment that we are promising in hospital buildings,
medical equipment
and nurses, we believe that maximum waiting times for all inpatient treatment can be cut by half in our first term in office.
Free personal care for all elderly people
The SNP are committed to free personal care for all elderly people who need it.
The SNP remains committed to paying personal care costs in full and
will do so on taking office if Labour continues to let Scotland’s pensioners down.
Europe
The SNP stands for Scotland in Europe.
The Scottish National Party believes that membership of the European Union will give Scotland real advantages.
It will secure for Scotland a voice at the heart of Europe, with full membership of the important decision and policy-making bodies.
We support the present confederal union in Europe,
and reject moves to a European ‘Super State’.
We support steps towards enhanced co-operation in defence,
foreign affairs,
trade and
the environment,
but reject abandoning national vetoes on issues relating to natural resources,
taxation and
the constitution.
We seek a stronger commitment to subsidiarity, with responsibilities returned to member states in areas such as coastal fisheries under the Common Fisheries Policy.
Sharing of sovereignty should be restricted to defined areas where it brings clear benefits.
We see advantages in Scottish membership of the single currency,
but this can only be achieved when the economic conditions are correct,
when an acceptable exchange rate is delivered
and where public consent has been given in a referendum.
The SNP welcomes an enlarged Union.
This will give greater weight and prominence to small and medium sized nations.
Clearly, after Nice, Scotland will have significantly greater influence in the European Union as an independent nation than as part of the United Kingdom.
At present, Scotland is represented only in the European Parliament -
but as part of the UK, we have only half as many MEPs as Denmark or Finland, countries with similar populations.
The Treaty of Nice would further reduce MEPs for Scotland within the UK -
but provide a better deal for Scotland with Independence.
An independent Scotland under the Nice Treaty would have its full quota of 13 MEPs
and seven weighted votes in the Council of
Ministers plus a member of the European Commission
- compared to no votes and no Commissioner within the UK.
Defence
On Independence we will negotiate the safe removal of Trident from Scotland
and an independent Scotland
will work to eliminate nuclear,
biological
and chemical weapons world-wide.
Pre-independence we will continue to be part of the coalition against Trident in the UK.
But while we have the risk of Trident, we should get the benefit of the jobs at Rosyth,
and we will fight any government proposals to remove refitting work from Scotland.
SNP MPs will oppose any involvement in a possible US National Missile Defence Programme
believing it to be unwise and damaging to international relations between east and west.
The SNP stands for co-operation in conventional defence.
We will contribute to international security,
conflict resolution,
peacekeeping
and disaster
and humanitarian relief through the European Union Common Foreign & Security Policy and European Rapid Reaction Force,
the OSCE, EAPC/PfP and the UN.
An independent Scotland will inherit a treaty obligation to NATO.
However our opposition to nuclear defence will make our continued participation in nuclear alliances difficult.
We therefore propose to negotiate a phased withdrawal from NATO
but will retain military co-operation with NATO nations through a variety of international involvements.
An SNP government will promote the study of the theory and practice of peacekeeping,
and will make its skills available to Scottish Defence Force personnel
and to the forces of
democratically governed nations.
The priority of the Scottish Defence Force (SDF), in partnership with Scotland's neighbours, will be to safeguard the land, sea and air space of Scotland.
SDF training and equipment will reflect that,
as well as the need for rapid deployment overseas.
Some units will have specialised training for humanitarian and disaster relief operations.
The SDF will initially be equipped with Scotland's negotiated share of UK defence resources.
Service and pension conditions will be equal to those of the UK forces, with some enhancements.
The SDF will be an all-professional force supported by part time volunteers
and jobs will be open to all who meet the appropriate standards.
All MoD civilians working in Scotland at Independence will be able to remain in the Scottish MoD or Scottish civil service.
Defence industries will be subject to end user scrutiny to ensure that Scotland only exports arms to legitimate sources,
and not through third parties to the worst regimes.
While Scotland is in the UK the SNP will work to ensure that Scotland obtains a fair share of defence expenditure.
Bases at Kinloss, Lossiemouth, Leuchars, Prestwick, Faslane and all barracks and training areas (regular and reserve) will be fully utilised by the SDF
and consideration may be given to using regular and reserve sites that have been shut by the UK.
Additional accommodation for specialised equipment or personnel may be built on any of the above sites.
International Affairs
An Independent Scotland will
play a full role in the international community through its membership of the European Union,
the Commonwealth
and the United Nations.
We will always promote Scottish interests internationally,
ensuring productive and harmonious relationships with the other countries of the world.
Where UK embassies are about status, Scottish Embassies would be about business.
The SNP would establish a commercially focussed presence for Scotland in the major commercial and population centres of the world by amalgamating the foreign representation of Locate in Scotland, Scottish Trade International and VisitScotland into External Affairs Offices of the Government of Scotland.
Scotland’s External Affairs department would operate on a budget no greater than the current spending by the Scottish Executive and its Agencies on overseas representation and our population share of Foreign & Commonwealth Office spending.
Overseas Development
The SNP has a long-standing commitment to raise Scotland’s international aid budget to UN recommended levels.
We are committed to the cancellation of Third World Debt and poverty eradication,
and accept the 2015 International Development Targets.
We would seek to reduce Third World debt by pushing for reform of the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries (HIPC) Initiative to allow for speedier and wider reaching relief to all countries that are in need.
International Aid will be in the form of grants or very low interest loans to avoid increasing the debt burden.
The SNP does not believe in "Aid for Trade" and would accordingly untie all its aid programmes so that they would not be reliant on buying from Scottish firms, since this may not be appropriate for the recipient country.
An SNP government will establish and fund a voluntary secretariat - "Aid from Scotland" -
to coordinate a unified approach and provide a single point of contact for Scotland's aid agencies,
ensuring a quick response to global emergencies.
Broadcasting
The SNP has consistently argued for legislative oversight of Scottish broadcasting to be the responsibility of the Scottish Parliament.
The SNP is keen to see a "dash for digital" so that the changeover can establish Scotland's place in the forefront of technological development
and we believe the government must work in partnership with providers to ensure that no one is left behind in the digital revolution.
The SNP anticipates a growing together of broadcasting, computer and mobile technology
and will support and assist those entrepreneurs who seek to make such technologies benefit our nation and the world.
We will seek a presence in the UK,
European
and global media,
to continue to campaign for the progressive devolution of powers over budget and
schedule to BBC Scotland, and to argue for the Scottish Six.
While realistic about the inevitability of change in the rules on cross media ownership, we will continue to seek a strong Scottish presence in worldwide and democratic markets.
Sport
We see an important role for sport,
not only in tackling issues relating to youth crime,
but also in ensuring improved health for people in Scotland.
The SNP would like to see resources currently available for sport focused more on local and community sporting activities.
The SNP supports the creation of Football Academies,
and would use existing funds to assist in the creation of a national network of such bodies.
We will bid for the 2008 European Football Championships to be based in Scotland.
Culture
The SNP will radically reform the Scottish Arts Council,
first of all by providing direct funding to the National companies
(including a new national theatre).
From existing resources, we will establish a "Scottish Academy" to encourage excellence and to bring forward new talent
and we will considerably increase funding for traditional Scottish arts.
We will introduce a Scottish Lottery to provide money for good causes including the arts.
Gaelic
The SNP continues to campaign for secure status for Gaelic as one of the key measures that will assist in supporting and reviving the language.
We must put in place measures that stop the decline in the number of Gaelic speakers
and create a new generation of Gaelic speakers.
This means not only a much wider provision of Gaelic medium education
but also the development of new opportunities for adults to become fluent Gaelic speakers,
and new ways of accessing such opportunities.
Scots
The SNP would support measures to improve the teaching of Scots language and literature in schools,
and would encourage all forms of the media in positive promotion and usage of the language.
Until Independence,
the SNP will keep up the pressure on the UK Government to fulfil their obligations to the Scots Language
under Part II of the European Charter
for Regional and Minority Languages,
and seek specification under Part III.
In government we will ensure these obligations are fulfilled.
Social Justice
The SNP is committed to a National Anti-Poverty Strategy,
the aim of which is the eradication of structural poverty,
both social and economic,
as an integral element in the development of an economically dynamic and socially just Scotland with work,
education
and good health for all.
The SNP would also promote "poverty proofing" -a process whereby agencies at all levels assess policies and programmes in relation to the likely impact they will have on poverty with a view to poverty reduction –
with specific and quantifiable targets the outcomes will be meaningful and achievable.
We would transfer the bureaucracy budget of Social Inclusion Partnerships to front line services particularly voluntary organisations dealing with poverty.
The SNP abhors the current treatment of asylum seekers,
in particular the voucher system,
which causes unnecessary hardship for many asylum-seeking families.
We also condemn the rhetoric of too many London politicians towards asylum seekers.
We would seek fast and fair assessment.
Housing
The SNP will argue for the UK government to take immediate responsibility for the housing debt accrued by Scottish local authorities as a result of decades of Westminster rule,
and as has been done for the privatised water industry in England and Wales .
This would relieve the burden of debt servicing from councils,
to free up cash for investment in Scotland’s housing.
Until Independence
our team of MPs will press for control over housing benefit to be devolved to the Scottish
Parliament so that we can use it as a lever to drive down rents
and increase family incomes.
We will use the Scottish Trust for Public Investment and the variety of other means available to government to lever in desperately needed investment into housing to do this.
We are against wholesale stock transfer of council housing stock.
We support smallscale community transfers
where the tenants and
local communities want it.
We would promote housing legislation to cover all tenures.
The policy in the rented sector would be based on the principle of ‘Tenants First, Tenure Second’.
We believe in level playing fields for housing providers and choice for rent and purchase, which is sustainable.
Voluntary Sector
We will end challenge funding schemes for voluntary organisations, which waste thousands of pounds in preparing unsuccessful bids.
We recognise that voluntary organisations require core funding and will consult on methods of funding distribution.
This will include three-year core funding arrangements.
We will review the existing Voluntary Compact and alleviate concerns that a two-tier voluntary sector has been created.
We will review the taxation regime for voluntary organisations,
and will exempt voluntary organisations from water charges.
Homelessness
Homelessness has reached record levels under New Labour.
We will work to ensure effective delivery of services to end rough sleeping,
tackling the many issues which affect people forced to sleep rough.
We will also tackle ‘hidden homelessness’ by providing homes and the support needed.
Equality
The SNP has a long held commitment to a constitutionally enshrined guarantee of equal opportunities for all Scots regardless of race,
gender,
age,
Sexuality,
disability
or social background.
We will continue to place this commitment at the centre of our actions both in the House of Commons and in the Scottish Parliament.
Until Independence,
we will press for legislative powers in this area to be devolved to the Scottish Parliament,
as it has been to the Northern Ireland Assembly.
Disability Issues
Disabled people still face barriers of discrimination in many areas of life.
Everyone should be given equality of opportunity to fulfil their potential,
no matter who they are,
or how able they are.
No disabled person should be socially excluded
or find themselves in poverty because of their disability.
Government has a responsibility to lead the way in ending discrimination against disabled people,
challenging attitudes
and ensuring that every area of legislation promotes equality of opportunity for disabled people within our society.
As a first step, we will extend the powers and scope of the Disability Discrimination Act
and introduce a disability equality indicator.
Drugs
Government must do more to identify dealers and bring them to justice;
more to provide focused and relevant education about the dangers of drugs;
and more to assist drug misusers with rehabilitation and support.
We recognise the need to support families of those misusing drugs
and to develop routes out of drug taking for communities affected by the growth in drug abuse.
Our additional resources for Scotland’s police forces,
and the fast-tracking and treatment of drug misusers through Drugs Courts, will allow us to focus more on key elements of the drugs problem in our country.
Crime
The SNP will increase police resources to tackle crime
as well as recognising the rights and responsibilities of citizens in tackling crime.
Police Numbers
The police are our front line against crime.
Public perception is of declining police numbers,
a lessening of visible presence on the streets
and less security in our homes and communities.
It is in recognition of the vital role played by our police that the SNP intends to make available a sum of £25 million specifically to provide 1,000 new officers in Scotland,
over and above the existing provision.
Every part of Scotland would benefit
and there would also be a welcome change in public perception and
an increase in public confidence that our streets were truly becoming safer.
Citizenship, responsibility and young people
It is the right of every individual in society to live safely and securely;
to have their privacy respected;
and to expect that their property and homes will be secure against criminal activity.
However, the right of each individual is balanced by an equivalent responsibility not to behave in ways that deprive others of their rights.
We will introduce measures to tackle youth offending because those who begin to are young are likely to continue offending in later life.
The SNP believes that it is not just the responsibility of the education system to teach good citizenship -
first and foremost it is a job for parents who have primary responsibility for their children.
The SNP will consider a further extension of the existing legal responsibility of parents for the actions of their children.
While it would not be appropriate to charge parents and take them through the criminal courts for actions committed by their offspring, it is nevertheless our view that it should be possible to institute a form of Compensation Order on parents
when the activities of their child have resulted in physical damage to property or tangible upset to a victim.
Any provision for such Orders would have to allow both for judicial discretion in imposing them
and the ability to take the financial circumstances of the parent/s into account.
Nevertheless, the impact on the victim, who is otherwise left with the financial responsibility for a repair that is no fault of theirs, cannot be ignored.
Dealing with sex offenders
The SNP believes that our criminal justice system should provide for a form of life-time supervision for those offenders for whom it was considered there would never be a point when they were regarded as no longer being a danger.
The SNP would move to implement the Maclean Report on Serious Violent & Sexual Offenders - in particular the recommendation for an Order for Lifelong Restriction for high-risk sex offenders.
This would ensure constant monitoring
and a recall to custody if the Order were breached.
We would provide for Supervised Release Orders to be available to the Courts even in Summary Cases.
The SNP would ensure that the position is changed to provide that where a victim is over the age of 18, the offender would still be liable to have their name entered onto the Register.
Other initiatives
There are other key areas where the SNP will take action.
We will set up a Sentencing Advisory Panel;
speed up the process of criminal cases in the lower courts which would be of benefit to both the accused and to victims;
and tackle once and for all the status of those who are deported to Scotland from other countries after having served sentences for very serious offences.
The SNP at Westminster will also argue very strongly that as long as the current devolved arrangements prevail, Scotland should continue to get increases in money earmarked for justice initiatives
equivalent to those available in England and Wales.
As part of this process we will continue to argue that the proportion of Fixed Penalty money and fine money, which at present is deposited with HM Treasury, is retained for use in Scotland
and reinvested in our criminal justice system.
Taxation
No one in Scotland today knows how much they pay to the Government in taxation.
Under Labour the tax system has become increasingly complex.
The imposition of more and more stealth taxes has broken the democratic link between the government that sets and spends taxes and the people that pay them.
Complex taxation is inefficient
as well as undemocratic.
Labour have more than doubled the number of tax rates since they took power.
On top of that there are more than 250 complex tax allowances, credits and disregards.
The overall cost of administering the UK’s tax system is estimated by the Inland Revenue at 1.1 p for every £1 collected in tax.
In Ireland the cost is 0. 88p.
Reducing the cost of collection to the Irish level would save £90 million next year alone
- money that could be invested in public services.
Labour like the Tories have increased the share of tax that is levied indirectly and
takes no account of peoplé s ability to pay.
We want to tackle all of these problems with practical solutions.
It is not acceptable for political parties to mislead the people about taxation in elections.
We pledge to bring honesty and clarity to the debate with a series of proposals on taxation based on the following principles:
1 We will not introduce any new measures to increase the overall burden of taxation
or increase the rate of income tax without consulting the people first through our manifesto.
2 We will undertake a Comprehensive Review of Taxation (CRT) to deliver fairness, simplicity, transparency and honesty in the taxation system.
The CRT will have a remit to produce reform proposals that taken together do not increase the overall burden of taxation.
One of our key aims in this review will be to cut business taxation.
Moreover we will not implement the full proposals of the CRT without putting them to the people in our next manifesto.
All our taxation policies will be informed by these core principles and for this election we offer the following specific proposals.
In advance of the CRT we propose one initial measure to fulfil our commitments to drive fuel prices down
and to shift the burden of taxation from unfair stealth taxation to honest fair taxation.
We believe that both these commitments require honest policy decisions now so in advance of the CRT we will cut taxation on fuel by 10p a gallon (including VAT).
This cut in taxation will cost £65m
and will be paid for by introducing an extra 5p band of income taxation for those with taxable earnings over £ 100,000 per year (affecting only ten thousand of the wealthiest Scots) .
The Treasury estimates that this will raise £80 million paying easily for the fuel tax cut .
Any surplus in in revenues from this measure will be directed towards further reductions in duty as part of the process of achieving our target of bringing fuel prices into line with our competitors in Europe.
Taken together therefore these two measures are redistributive and will be revenue neutral.
Local Government
The SNP will stand up for local government
and for proper long term funding of council services.
In particular, we support a comprehensive review of local government finance
including investigation of a local income tax to replace the current council tax.
We recognise the need to adequately reward staff
and will work with local authorities
and trades unions
to improve conditions for public sector workers.
We stand for the right of local government to subsidiarity and
the continued direct delivery of public services.
We support proportional representation
and the introduction of single transferable voting to elect councillors.
Rural Communities
The foot-and-mouth disease brought into sharp focus the great difficulties which businesses face in rural Scotland,
and how vulnerable they are.
Even before the outbreak began, rural Scotland faced economic problems.
Rural Scotland now faces economic problems on an unprecedented scale,
as a result of a series of disastrous policies pursued by successive London governments.
The SNP supports the following policy measures, with the aim of providing a level playing field for the rural economy.
Small businesses are the bedrock of the rural economy.
We will address each of the barriers to growth and
success of small business.
We will use our tax review to consider proposals for a small business rates relief scheme,
which will seek to end the unfair burden which business rates pose for our small business.
The rural economy could be boosted by the promotion of information
and communication technology based businesses and teleworking.
This potential has not yet been realised.
We support an immediate cut in excise duty on fuel of 10 pence per gallon,
and in the longer term will aim to reduce the burden of fuel tax to European average levels.
The burden of fuel costs is particularly high for rural communities
and we will use government power and influence to end the outrage of substantially higher prices in the Highlands and Islands.
We will seek to direct more resources and effort in improving rural public transport
and the rural transport infrastructure.
Government’s role should be to reduce the unnecessary barriers and burdens facing rural producers.
We will work to free up available euro cash, like agrimonetary compensation and support for scallop farmers.
The SNP is determined to ensure that key services such as rural sub post offices,
rural schools
and rural transport links remain at the heart of rural Scotland.
An SNP government will ensure contingency funds are used to compensate business affected by the current crisis
and are available for use in the event of future crises in the rural economy.
Agriculture
The foot-and-mouth crisis across the UK has served to confirm the fragility of agriculture and its related industries and
also the sector’s importance to Scotland.
There will need to be a comprehensive review of agricultural strategy once the current foot and mouth disease has been controlled.
That review will need to look very carefully at many issues of concern.
These include procedures of entry into our ports,
laxity of import controls on meat,
mandatory country of origin labelling,
use of food remains and
the role of locally based abattoirs and processing plants.
Until we get Independence,
the SNP is determined to see Scottish ministers have a more direct involvement in European decision making,
and will continue to press for a direct and distinct voice for Scottish ministers at European Council meetings.
The SNP is determined to ensure a level playing field for our farmers in Europe.
Where the UK government has allowed competitive disadvantage for key sectors by the early and fullest implementation of European rules
, the SNP in government will only seek to introduce into domestic law European regulations when they have been adopted and applied in full by a majority of European nations.
This will ensure that our farmers are not forced to operate under more restrictive and more expensive rules than farmers elsewhere within the EU,
and will therefore be more able to compete fairly in European markets.
With the SNP in government, agriculture policy will be developed in the interests of Scotland’s farming community
and in response to specific Scottish circumstances,
rather than as a follow on to events elsewhere in the UK.
This strategy will extend into the rural economy,
with resources focused on diversification of efforts,
promotion of specialised agriculture -
such as free-range herds
and organic produce,
where Scotland already has a natural advantage
– and with specific efforts to promote the export of quality Scottish produce.
The SNP believes the Less Favoured Areas deal will cause financial hardship for many farmers and
crofters and must be ameliorated.
This should be done by the Scottish Executive using funds from other sources, such as modulation,
and by a comprehensive renegotiation of the original deal.
Fisheries
Recent events have demonstrated clearly why the voice of the fishing communities must be heard.
The SNP favours compensated tie-up schemes as an essential component of government aid packages.
This would allow the fishing fleet to remain viable,
protect juvenile stocks,
and protect the long-term future of the Scottish white fish fleet.
Working with the industry, we will promote the introduction of technical conservation measures
that will ensure our coastal communities are able to benefit from sustainable fisheries.
At Westminster we will continue to seek designation of Scottish fisheries ministers as the UK lead in Europe
and will demand the return of the 6000 square miles of fishing grounds removed from Scottish jurisdiction by the government in London.
While ensuring the Common Fisheries Policy guarantees Scotland’s historic fishing rights, the SNP will seek its reform to include as a main principle the decentralisation of fisheries management through the establishment of Zonal Fisheries Management Councils.
We will support the fish processing industry to ensure its continued competitiveness,
and assist Scotland’s aquaculture sector to become a world leader.
In addition, we will pursue a level playing field for the industry,
to ensure that our fishermen and fish processors do not face additional cost
and regulatory burdens as compared to our closest competitors.
Salmon Farming
We will instruct a wide ranging and independent inquiry into fish farming in Scotland,
following which we would seek to frame a long term strategy for the future of salmon farming,
with particular regard to the need for Scotland to be competitive in relation to Ireland,
Norway and other salmon farming countries,
and the securing of effective regulation of the industry
and the safeguarding of the environment.
We would ensure that SEPA has the resources to carry out their tasks, by ending the payment of rent to the Crown Estate Commission.
Land
The SNP has long been at the forefront of the campaign to modernise Scotland’s land laws
and to give communities increased say, control and involvement in the land.
We will continue to press for control of the Scottish Land Fund to be transferred from the London based trustees of the New Opportunities Fund to the Scottish Parliament.
We support community right to buy,
but believe that more effective mechanisms must also be put in place to ensure greater involvement for communities who want to participate in decision-making in relation to their land
but want to stop short of ownership.
Freshwater Fishing
We will work with anglers and local communities
to create a national freshwater fisheries policy that will ensure access,
maximise economic benefit for our rural economy
and ensure the protection of the environment.
Pensions
We stand for restoring the link between the basic state pension and average earnings.
We will press for the link to be restored at a UK level,
and with Independence,
will restore the link for Scotland’s pensioners each year for the term of the next Parliament.
This would mean that by the end of the next parliament pensioners could gain up to £200 a year in addition to Labour’s plans.
We will pay for this by utilising the surplus in the National Insurance Fund that has been created by the existing generation of pensioners.
An SNP government will examine proposals that will ensure pensioners who have small occupational pensions,
or who are near the current threshold of income for taxation are not penalised by the tax treatment of these increases in the basic state pension.
As part of this we will examine proposals to allow a Scottish government to remove the distortions and inequities caused by the differentials between the Minimum Income Guarantee (MIG) and the basic state pension
-a means testing that discriminates against too many on low incomes who have saved for their old age.
It is our aim to work to equalise the basic state pension and
the level of the MIG as resources become available.
The SNP continues to support the payment of a cold climate allowance - paid to pensioners throughout the winter months.
As a first step to achieving this aim, we will on a weekly basis spread payments of the current winter fuel assistance over the winter months.
Social Security
An SNP government will examine the level of bureaucracy within the social security system.
This will take three forms.
Firstly we will examine the structure for social security delivery.
Where as the UK has the bureaucracy and waste of three separate social security agencies, / the SNP will investigate the creation of a single agency responsible for the streamlining of benefit payments at all levels in Scotland.
Secondly we will examine the actual delivery of key benefits to minimise bureaucracy and cost.
For example, we will undertake a review of housing benefit.
It is our belief that the rules can be simplified
and the process of payment accelerated.
Our overall aim however is to re-direct housing benefit to drive down housing costs
and improve family incomes.
The core purpose of our review will be to simplify and increase the effectiveness of the system.
Finally, we will examine the workings and effectiveness of each benefit,
with the aim of removing unnecessary barriers to uptake
and to increasing support to key groups.
Disability benefits
We will streamline the application process
and review the tests and timescales to ensure those who are entitled to support get it quickly.
We will also consider proposals to review Welfare to Work beneficiary rules so that disabled people moving into work are not penalised financially.
We will also reform financial support for carers so the system reflects the value of and savings to the state that their caring provides to society.
Winter fuel allowance
It is our aim to extend the winter fuel allowance to severely disabled people under 60 as resources become available.
Benefits for 16-17 year olds
We will review overall financial support available to 16 and 17 year olds including targeted restoration of benefits as resources become available.
Working Families Tax Credit
In general we support initiatives to help families from welfare to work.
We will however examine the delivery of the Working Families Tax Credit,
which can lead to prohibitive levels of marginal taxation sometimes up to 96% as people lose out on other benefits e.g. housing benefit.
Because it is a benefit that has to be applied for, we would also examine concerns over the take up rate for Working Families Tax Credit,
discrepancies in how some employers can abuse the system
and examine options to ensure that more families access the money available.
Benefit take up
We support the provision of information and advice as an essential part of benefit take up campaigns.
Transport
At Westminster, our MPs will press to ensure that Scotland gets her fair share of the UK government’s transport investment - investment that currently will not be distributed on a population basis.
In government, we will use the STPI to bring in lower cost private investment.
An efficient and effective transport network is the key to Scotland’s success, socially and economically.
We recognise that it is the job of government to provide the delivery framework
and the focus to help people and goods get to where they want to go.
An SNP government would set out the overall strategy and frameworks.
Regional Transport Authorities (RTAs) will be publicly accountable
and will be responsible for the delivery of regional transport solutions.
We will introduce a single safety authority for all forms of transport.
Air safety is paramount and Air Traffic Control will remain under public sector control.
Initially we would take shares for subsidy to create a ‘public sharé of Railtrack to guarantee a level of public accountability
without ruling out the possibility of public ownership.
We would reconnect communities
and re-open key strategic lines including direct rail links with airports.
We would develop a strategy to systematically deal with the electrification of key rail lines.
Our priority routes include:
Electrification of the East Coast main line
Edinburgh airport link
Reopening of the Borders rail line
Stirling - Alloa - Rosyth ferry port
Glasgow Cross City Rail and airport link project
Inverness - Aberdeen (Orton loop).
We would work with providers to achieve a national concessionary travel scheme for children and young adults under 18,
students,
Pensioners
and people with disabilities
and their carers.
We will consult on the introduction of light rail systems for Scotland’s cities to help relieve traffic congestion.
We will initiate a national ‘care and repair’ programme of existing roads.
We will initiate a limited programme of road building to tackle bottlenecks and
to fill gaps of roads unfinished by previous Labour and Tory administrations.
Our early priorities for investment through the STPI and a range of other delivery mechanisms are:
M74 extension
Aberdeen City by-pass
A8000 link (M9/M8)
A75
M8 link (Newhouse - Ballieston)
Upgrading of the A9
The SNP is committed to bringing forward proposals for the reduction in ferry fares in Scotland as part of a process towards the piloting and evaluation of Road Equivalent Tariffs.
Academic research has suggested that lower ferry fares could be introduced on a cost neutral basis.
Equal treatment for island communities will be at the core of decision making in an SNP government.
We would promote freight and passenger ‘hub’ airports in Scotland,
and conduct a Scottish airports review aimed at increasing direct flights from Scotland to Europe and
placing downward pressure on fare prices and landing charges,
with a particular focus on the large supplement fares paid by Scottish consumers for holiday charter flights.
In line with our long standing commitment we will abolish tolls on the Skye Bridge as an early priority
and will explore the opportunities of bringing the bridge into trust for the nation under the STPI.
Scottish National Party, 107 McDonald Road, Edinburgh EH7 4NW. Telephone 0131 525 8900. Fax 0131 525 8901. Web www.snp.org
Manifesto 2015
SCOTTISH NATIONAL PARTY MANIFESTO 2015
Follow theSNP
My vow is to make Scotland stronger at Westminster. At this election, we have the opportunity to shake up the out of touch Westminster system so that it serves Scotland better. A vote for the SNP on May 7th is a vote for MPs who will always stand up for Scotland's best interests. It is a vote to make Scotland's voice heard at Westminster more loudly than it has ever been heard before. And it is a vote for more progressive politics. The SNP will use our influence at Westminster to help deliver positive change for the benefit of ordinary people, not just in Scotland, but across the UK. We propose a real alternative to the pain of austerity, an end to unfair policies like the Bedroom Tax, a higher minimum wage and protection for our NHS and vital public services. Instead of even deeper Westminster spending cuts, we want to see more investment in our economy, to create more and better paid jobs. And we want the precious resources of our country to be invested in building a better future for our children, not on a new generation of nuclear weapons.The SNP will never put the Tories into power.Instead, if there is an antiTory majority after the election, we will offer to work with other parties to keep the Tories out.And we will then use our influence to demand that Labour delivers the real change that people want and need instead of just being a carbon copy of the Tories.A vote for the SNP will make Scotland's voice heard loudly and clearly.And it will help deliver new, better and more progressive politics at Westminster for everyone.My vow is to make Scotland stronger at Westminster. With your support, we can secure a better future for you, your family and Scotland.
WHO CARES MOST FOR OUR HEALTH SERVICE?
Everyone agrees Westminster needs to change.
The SNP is ready to play a constructive role, to challenge the old order with new and progressive ideas.
It’s time to put fairness and equality back at the heart of government.
With a strong SNP team at Westminster we can use our influence to end the needless pain of Tory cuts.
And we can campaign to secure more money for health,
education
and childcare.
Here are our key priorities to make Scotland stronger at Westminster:
An end to austerity
SNP  MPs  will  demand  an  end  to  austerity.
We  oppose  further spending  cuts  and  propose  modest  spending  increases   of  0.5  per  cent  above  inflation   in  each  year  of  the  next  Parliament.
Under our plan, the deficit will still reduce each year,
but there will be at least an additional £140 billion across the UK to invest in skills and infrastructure,
in our NHS and other public services,
and in measures to protect the vulnerable and lift people out of poverty.
We will also vote for the following revenue raising measures the reintroduction of the 50 pence top tax rate,
a tax on bankers' bonuses,
a bank levy,
a mansion tax,
a crackdown on tax avoidance,
the abolition of 'nondom' status
and reversal of the married couple’s tax allowance.
Increased NHS funding
We will meet the NHS funding challenge laid down in the report of the NHS Chief Executive in England – the Stevens Report and vote for an increase in NHS spending across the UK of £24 billion by 202021 £9.5 billion above inflation.
This will deliver a total boost to the NHS Scotland budget of £2 billion by 202021.
SNP MPs will also vote against any further privatisation of the NHS in England and back any moves to restore it to a fully public service.
Fairer pensions
We will support a singletier pension of £160 per week
and vote to continue the triple lock, guaranteeing that pensions will always rise by inflation, earnings or 2.5 per cent whichever is the highest.
We will also vote to protect the Winter Fuel Allowance.
We will oppose the abolition of Savings Credit – introduced to reward people for saving for their pension
and we will seek a review of plans to increase the state pension age beyond 66.
Scrapping Trident
We will oppose plans for a new generation of Trident nuclear weapons
and seek to build an alliance in the House of Commons against Trident renewal.
We will vote for the £100 billion that the Westminster parties plan to spend on Trident renewal to be invested instead in better childcare, education and the NHS.
Better paid jobs
We will vote to increase the minimum wage to £8.70 by 2020.
We will also support measures to extend the Living Wage across the UK.
The Scottish Government already pays the Living Wage to all of its own employees and to those covered by its pay policy we will call on,
and vote for, the UK government to adopt the same policy.
Reducing child poverty
It is estimated that an additional one million children across the UK will be living in poverty by 2020.
That is unacceptable and would mean an additional 100,000 children in Scotland growing up in poverty.
That is why we will vigorously oppose plans for further cuts in Child Benefit and Tax Credits allowing these payments to erode in value simply pushes more children into poverty.
Instead, we will vote to increase benefits at least in line with CPI inflation//,
to ensure that the incomes of the poorest in society do not fall even further behind the cost of living.
And we will support an increase in free childcare to 30 hours per week by 2020.
More support for disabled people and carers
We will vote to block plans to cut Disability Living Allowance by £3 billion across the UK by 201718.
Scotland’s share of that cut is around £310 million per year.
These cuts would see more than 100,000 disabled people in Scotland – and one million across the UK – losing over £1,100 a year in the support that they rely on to live independent lives.
We will use our influence to make sure that these cuts do not proceed
and that disabled people are given the support they deserve.
We will also support an increase in Carer’s Allowance so that it matches Jobseekers' Allowance.
Those in receipt of Carer’s Allowance will benefit by almost £600 per year.
Scrapping the Bedroom Tax
We will vote for the immediate abolition of the unfair Bedroom Tax.
Abolishing the Bedroom Tax would mean that the £35 million a year that the Scottish Government is spending to compensate those affected by it would be available to spend on other priorities.
We would invest that money in measures to tackle and eventually eradicate food poverty.
Investing in education
We will guarantee the continuation of free university education in Scotland
and support the reduction of tuition fees across the UK.
We will extend the availability of Educational Maintenance Allowance in Scotland to an additional 10,000 school pupils
and 12,000 part time college students.
Opposing withdrawal from the European Union
At least 330,000 Scottish jobs – around one in seven of all jobs are dependent on our membership of the single market.
That is why we will oppose a referendum on membership of the EU.
Being part of Europe is good for business
and it supports jobs in Scotland and across the UK.
If an in/out EU referendum does go ahead, we will seek to amend the legislation to ensure that no constituent part of the UK can be taken out of the EU against its will.
We will propose a 'double majority' rule meaning that unless England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland each vote to leave the EU, the UK would remain a member state.
Immigration policy that works for Scotland
Diversity is one of Scotland's great strengths.
Effective immigration controls are important,
but we must also remember that those who have come to Scotland from other countries make a significant contribution to our economy and our society.
We will support sensible immigration policies that meet our economic needs
and, as a priority, we will seek the reintroduction of the post study work visa, so that those we have helped educate are able, if they so choose, to make a contribution to our economy.
More affordable housing
There is a substantial shortfall of affordable houses for rent across the UK.
The Scottish Government is on track to meet the commitment to 30,000 new affordable homes by 2016, but more needs to be done.
We will back investment in an annual house building target across the UK of 100,000 affordable homes a year.
We will also continue our support for Help to Buy and shared equity to help people get a foot on the housing ladder.
A focus on job creation
We will support targeted reductions to employer’s National Insurance contributions to support job creation and the extension of the Living Wage.
We will support an increase in the Employment Allowance from £2,000 per business per year to £6,000 per business per year, reducing the cost of creating and maintaining jobs.
We will support this change being phased in over the fouryear period to 201920.
Fair work
In work poverty is a modern day scandal that must be tackled.
We support increases in the personal tax allowance
but will also back an increase in the Work Allowance – the amount people are allowed to earn before their benefit is cut – of 20 per cent.
This will encourage people back into work by reducing the amount the state claws back – making work pay more.
We will also support tough action to end exploitative zero hours contracts.
Action on energy bills
We will support lower energy bills for consumers by pushing for the Energy Company Obligation to be funded through general taxation and not as a levy on energy bills.
We will also support new powers to make sure that energy companies pass on the benefits of lower prices to consumers.
We will also press for a change to the transmission charging system that is penalising Scottish generators
and threatening the future of Longannet power station.
Greater care for our environment
We will call on, and vote for, the UK Government to adopt Scotland’s ambitious carbon reduction targets.
We will also continue to support a moratorium on fracking.
Ensuring equality
We believe that women should be properly represented in public life.
We will push for 50:50 representation on public and private boards, //`
and ensure that women are fairly treated at work with action to secure equal pay
and greater support for working parents with increased paternity leave.
Democratic reform
Westminster badly needs to be reformed.
An unelected second chamber is not acceptable in a modern democracy.
Those with no democratic mandate should not be writing the laws of the land
and SNP MPs will vote for the abolition of the House of Lords.
We will also vote for the replacement of the first past the post voting system with proportional representation.
Delivering Home Rule for Scotland
The SNP will always support independence but that is not what this election is about.
It is about making Scotland stronger.
We will use the influence of SNP votes at Westminster to ensure that promises made during the referendum are delivered.
We will demand, firstly, that the proposals of the Smith Commission are delivered quickly and in full.
We believe that these proposals do not go far enough to honour the promises made during the referendum.
We will seek agreement that the Scottish Parliament should move to full financial responsibility.
As implementation of the Calman Commission proposals has demonstrated, the transition to full fiscal responsibility and agreement of the detailed fiscal framework that would underpin it would take a number of years.
SNP MPs will work to secure the best deal for Scotland.
In the meantime, we will prioritise devolution of powers over employment policy, including the minimum wage,
welfare,
business taxes,
national insurance
and equality policy
the powers we need to create jobs,
grow revenues
and lift people out of poverty.
An end to Tory government
If there is an antiTory majority in the House of Commons, we will vote in a motion of confidence against a Tory government getting off the ground.
The SNP is the third largest party in the UK following a surge in new members since the referendum.
80,000 have joined since September 2014, with total membership now over 105,000.
The SNP’s 59 candidates includes prominent Yes campaigners and others who have only just joined the party.
Here are some of their stories:
MANIFESTO FOR A STRONGER SCOTLAND.
PRIORITIES FOR A FAIRER AND MORE SUCCESSFUL SCOTLAND
Whether in Scotland or at Westminster, our focus will be on growing Scotland’s economy
and making life better for people across our country.
This is what underpins our policies on public finances, on education, health, housing and social justice
and our support for the Scottish Parliament having more of the powers it needs.
We want more people in rewarding, well paid work.
We want stronger local economies,
with job opportunities for our young people close to home
So we can retain the important links of family and community that add to the strength and wellbeing of our society.
But this is not economic growth for its own sake.
It must be sustainable and with the benefits shared across society.
It will be wealth creation so we can, once and for all, address the unacceptable levels of inequality in Scottish society.
As we set out in this manifesto, we will be able to build Scotland’s success and deliver on our ambitions by harnessing the energy of our people, by building our skills and using them to the full, and by making the most of our nation’s great natural wealth and many competitive and comparative advantages.
The more SNP MPs that are elected to Westminster, the louder Scotland's voice will be in the decisions that are taken there
and that means we can secure the best deal for Scotland and a more progressive approach for the benefit of people across the UK.
SNP MPs, backed by hundreds of thousands of new supporters many voting SNP at Westminster for the very first time can make a real difference to the direction our country takes in the years ahead.
With greater influence for Scotland at Westminster
and new powers for our parliament in Edinburgh,
there is so much more we can achieve for the people of Scotland.
SNP MPs will: Make sure Westminster works better for the people of Scotland
The biggest threat to Scotland’s public services and our social fabric is the ongoing Tory and Labour obsession with austerity cuts to vital public spending.
That is why we propose responsible increases in public spending.
We will support increases in infrastructure investment
as part of our plans to generate new jobs
and support higher levels of growth,
and we will work to open access to finances for businesses looking to expand.
Our approach is to secure a fair deal for all
with those on the very highest incomes contributing a little bit more to ensure that we can continue to deliver universal, free public services
and protect the most vulnerable from the impacts of poverty.
Support the Scottish Government
We back the planned expansion of childcare with 30hours a week of free nursery education for all 3 and 4 year olds and eligible 2 year olds,
providing the best possible start in life for younger Scots and making life easier for their parents.
We support a big increase in NHS spending in Scotland, and across the UK, to enable the Scottish government to continue improving our health service.
Our plans will mean £2 billion more for our NHS by 202021.
We will also use our votes at Westminster to protect the health service in all parts of the UK from privatisation.
We agree that we need to maximise opportunities for our young people and support an increase to 30,000 Modern Apprenticeships
and the expansion of the Education Maintenance Allowance to an extra 22,000 school pupils and students.
An approach to the public finances that works
We will: Propose different choices on spending so we can protect fundamental public services and ensure irreparable damage isn’t done to the fabric of society.
This will allow modest increases in public spending in each year of the next parliament
– it will also see deficit fall every year as a share of income.
Argue for a fairer approach on taxation, with those with the very most contributing a little bit more
Focus on investment to support economic growth and the creation of a more productive, highskill, highwage economy
Seek to enshrine in law key principles of future financial management, including elimination of the deficit and balanced ‘current account’ spending
by stimulating growth in the economy,
as part of a medium term strategy to ensure prudent levels of debt are achieved
Support the creation of a sovereign wealth fund so that we create a financial buffer for the future, protecting public finances in times of crisis
BETTER OFF WITH THE SNP
We are working hard to make life better for people across Scottish society and the plans we set out in this manifesto will see some new and important gains.
For our NHS – we’ll support a funding package for the NHS, that would see spending in Scotland rise by a total of £2 billion by 202021,
helping us to deliver the worldclass care that people in Scotland rightly expect.
For fair pay – we’ll back an increase in the minimum wage to £8.70 by 2020,
making a quarter of a million people in Scotland better off by up to £4,000 a year.
For hardpressed households – we will support lower energy bills for consumers by pushing for the Energy Company Obligation (ECO) to be funded through general taxation
and tough new powers to make sure energy companies pass on lower energy prices to consumers, saving households around £100 on energy bills based on recent wholesale prices.
For more jobs and growing businesses – we will seek seedfund capitalisation of the Scottish Business Development Bank, enabling new investment in Scottish business growth and innovation,
helping create thousands of new jobs
For people approaching retirement – we’ll seek a review of the planned increase in the retirement age from 66 to 67, so that people in Scotland, who have paid in to a state pension all their lives, don’t lose out.
For people moving into work – we’ll vote for an increase in the work allowance by 20 per cent, which means people moving in to work from benefits will keep more of their income.
For unpaid carers – we propose an increase in carer’s allowance to bring it in line with jobseeker’s allowance, which will see over 100,000 unpaid carers in Scotland better off by almost £600 a year.
For pensioners – we want a singletier pension set at £160 per week, with the triplelock protection continuing.
This will guarantee that the value of the state pension is fully protected.
For no new nuclear weapons – we continue to oppose nuclear weapons and will seek to block a new generation of nuclear weapons,
saving as much as £4 billion a year in the mid2020s.
For a greener Scotland – we will continue to support a moratorium on fracking.
For our veterans – we believe that those who have been injured in the service of our country should get the full value of any war disablement pension and we will work to ensure that it is not treated as income in the assessment of entitlement to other benefits.
For our cities – we believe that City Deals should be made available to all Scotland’s cities, in addition to Glasgow, bringing substantial new investment to places that are key drivers of growth in Scotland.
For our farming community – we will look to secure a fair share of the UK’s CAP convergence uplift, which comes to the UK as a result of Scotland’s low hectare rates.
For workers in the oil & gas sector – we’ll keep the pressure on the UK Treasury to do all it can to protect jobs
and investment in the oil and gas industry in light of lower global oil prices
and will work to increase internationalisation opportunities for Scotland’s oil and gas industry
For a fairer Scotland – we’ll prioritise the immediate scrapping of the Bedroom Tax and a halt to the roll out of Universal Credit and PIP.
We’ll seek to reverse the replacement of Disability Living Allowance by PIP and oppose the £3 billion cut in disability funding.
In addition, we will seek an urgent reform of the conditionality and sanctions regime, to establish a fairer approach.
For Scotland’s creative sector – we’ll seek increased investment through BBC Scotland so that a fairer share of the licence fee is spent in Scotland, giving a £100 million boost to our creative sector.
For local job creators – we will continue the Small Business Bonus
and back reduced Employers’ NI contributions to support job creation.
For greater equality we will demand early action on equal pay audits for big companies to increase the pressure to deliver equal pay for women across the UK.
We'll also support the abolition of VAT on sanitary products.
For young Scots – we’ll deliver 30,000 Modern Apprenticeships each year
and continue to keep university education free.
We will also back an increase in the minimum wage rate for 18 to 21 year olds to £6.86 by 2020 and believe the same rate should be paid to apprentices.
We will also support an increase in the rate for 16 to 18 year olds to £5.07.
For our planet we will use our influence at Westminster to ensure the UK matches, and supports, Scotland’s ambitious commitments to carbon reduction.
For future generations – we should have greater financial security in the years ahead and so will call for a share of future revenues from our natural energy resources to be saved in an energy fund.
For lowincome households – we’ll back an increase of at least the cost of living in welfare benefits, such as child benefit, universal credit and disability benefits, and also in tax credits.
For an end to Tory rule – if there are more antiTory MPs than Tory MPs in the House of Commons the only way the Conservatives get back in to government is if the Labour party let them.
The SNP will work with others to lock the Tories out of government.
For safer communities – we’ll continue to deliver 1,000 extra police officers, a policy that has helped deliver record low crime levels in our communities.
We’ll also press for the revenue from court fines to be retained in Scotland
and for Police Scotland and our Fire and Rescue Service to receive the same VAT exemption as other forces, with the money reinvested in safer communities.
For a new northern focus – we’ll back budget plans to invest more in the infrastructure of Scotland and the north of England,
including the commissioning of high speed rail linking Glasgow, Edinburgh and the north of England.
For young families – we will work towards an expansion in free nursery education, from 16 hours a week to 30 hours, saving parents just under £2,000 per child per year by the end of the next Scottish Parliament
and giving thousands of young Scots a better start in life.
For more homes – we will back plans for an annual UK target of 100,000 affordable homes and use additional capital investment to deliver a further expansion of housebuilding in Scotland, including affordable homes for purchase or rent.
For small businesses – we will press the UK government to introduce effective legal protections to ensure small businesses are paid on time.
MAKING SCOTLAND’S VOICE HEARD
This election is an exciting opportunity for Scotland to deliver real change, here and across the UK.
At this election with every SNP seat, comes more power for Scotland.
More power to pursue a real alternative to unfair cuts, an end to the Bedroom Tax,
a higher minimum wage
and protection for our NHS and valued public services.
We will invest in our economy to create more and better paid jobs.
And we will oppose a new generation of nuclear weapons.
And we will stand up for Scotland's best interests.
We always do.
That’s why SNP MPs will vote against any measure at Westminster that affects Scotland's interests or has the effect of reducing Scotland’s funding.
We believe in independence but that is not what this election is about.
A vote for the SNP is a vote to rebalance the economic and political priorities of the UK.
It is a vote for new, better and more progressive politics for everyone.
It is a vote to make Scotland's voice heard.
Working for Scotland
Throughout this Parliament SNP MPs have worked hard to take forward the priorities of people in Scotland.
We’ve voted: against Tory plans, backed by Labour in January of this year, for an extra £30 billion of spending cuts.
A vote for the SNP in this election is the strongest possible vote against Westminster’s austerity agenda
to block the replacement of Trident, which would save as much as £100 billion over its lifetime,
money that we believe should be used for our health service
and to educate Scotland’s children
against the abolition of the top rate of tax
against the privatisation of the Royal Mail
and to protect people from drilling under their homes without their permission, by opposing the Infrastructure Bill, and backing a moratorium on fracking.
A STRONGER VOICE AT WESTMINSTER
An alternative to austerity cuts
With enough SNP MPs in the House of Commons, we can end the current austerity agenda and release new investment in jobs and growth, in strengthening our society and in protecting vital public services
SNP MPs will oppose austerity and never do a deal with the Tories.
If there is an antiTory majority of MPs, we will vote to lock out the Tories from government.
And we will make sure any Labour government can’t forget Scotland.
Quite simply, Scotland can get better government and real influence by voting for the SNP in May.
An approach to the public finances that works
The starting point for the next parliament and government must be an approach to the public finances that works.
There can be no doubt, based on the Office for Budget Responsibility’s figures and the targets set by the current government itself, that George Osborne’s approach has failed on multiple counts, with borrowing rising substantially.
Indeed, net borrowing in this financial year has exceeded the June 2010 forecast by around £50 billion.
This is due, in large part, to a crucial weakness in the economic recovery, in particular lower than anticipated tax revenues in an economy that has become low wage and low reward for too many.
At the same time, taxes have been cut for those at the very top of the income scale.
It is clear that a different way of doing things is needed one that places greater emphasis on economic growth
and social solidarity,
with a realistic target to reduce government debt to a prudent level
and to maintain a balanced budget on average over the medium term.
We need a proper fiscal framework based on proven principles that have been successfully implemented elsewhere.
This includes a commitment to reduce overall government debt and move to a position of operating budget surpluses over the medium term.
In addition, we believe fiscally responsible governments should establish a financial buffer against unforeseen future events.
We reject the current trajectory of spending, proposed by the UK government and the limited alternative proposed by the Labour Party.
Our proposal would see public sector borrowing and public sector net debt falling in every year as a share of national income.
In total, over £140 billion of additional public expenditure and investment would be available during the next parliament, compared to current UK government plans.
We will also look to release additional resources by backing a series of revenue raising measures the reintroduction of the 50p top tax rate, a tax on bankers' bonuses, a bank levy,   a mansion tax, a crackdown on tax avoidance, the abolition of 'non dom' status, reversal of the married couples' tax allowance, and a review of the pension tax relief available to the wealthiest.
A greater focus on job creation and growth
We need increased investment in economic growth
and action to get more people into rewarding, sustainable, wellpaid employment.
As set out above, we propose modest spending increases to invest in the economy, enabling us to deliver a stronger fiscal performance over the mediumterm.
A stronger economy is the essential underpinning for deficit reduction in the UK, with higher levels of growth delivering increased revenues and reducing spending pressures.
More broadly, improvements to productivity would translate into big medium and longterm improvements in the UK’s fiscal position.
We believe that this should be a central focus for government policy over the next 5 years.
The key is to both protect and promote key sectors of the Scottish economy.
The UK government has agreed to implement the key proposals put forward by the Scottish Government and the oil and gas industry.
This is a welcome step, however, we will continue to closely monitor economic activity in the North Sea and look for a prompt and effective response from the UK government so we can maximise the economic opportunity.
Action by the UK government was a necessary first step and will sit alongside the Scottish Government’s commitment to a new Oil and Gas Strategy, which will have a strong focus on Scotland’s oil and gas supply chain,
including ongoing skills development and opportunities for greater internationalisation of the sector.
We will also continue to push for the swift deployment of the new Oil and Gas Authority in Aberdeen.
There are a number of additional steps we believe should be taken by the UK government, while they continue to hold the reserved responsibility, to boost Scotland’s economic performance.
This includes additional capital investment to support sustainable and broadbased economic recovery
and make the country as a whole more internationally competitive.
The more economic powers we have the more we can achieve
Despite having limited powers, we have taken action to boost our economy and support employment.
For example, at the height of the financial crisis, we were able to accelerate capital investment in ‘shovel ready’ projects
and could also take forward a range of innovative financing mechanisms and get better value for money through the Scottish Futures Trust,
meaning more money was available for frontline, job creation projects.
In addition, our specific focus on youth employment, with guarantees on access to education and training and a massive expansion of Modern Apprenticeship places,
and our support for small businesses with an extensive rates relief package (helping many survive the worst of the crisis)
have made a difference for thousands of people across Scotland.
We’ve also made sure people have more money in their pockets, with the Council Tax frozen, real terms cuts in water bills and policies like free prescriptions providing a welcome boost for family incomes.
Thanks to this approach, more money is available to spend in local economies.
As a result, we have reduced unemployment, increased employment in Scotland and have a stronger record on youth employment than the UK.
Investing in infrastructure
We firmly believe that additional investment in Scotland’s infrastructure, and that of the rest of the UK, is an important part of building the wider strength of our economy and society.
Our proposals for additional expenditure in the next Parliament will include substantial new infrastructure investment.
Properly deployed, capital expenditure has the ability to reduce inequalities by providing good, well paid employment, with opportunities for the longterm unemployed, for apprenticeships and for wider skills and professional development.
It also serves to expand the productive capacity of Scotland, making our economy more competitive, with improved connectivity and infrastructure that is fit for the 21st century.
The additional investment we seek should include investment in our energy infrastructure so we can continue to maximise renewables generation, in particular offshore.
Current Westminster plans put at risk the creation of a strong domestic renewables industry, including a sustainable supply chain, and threaten Scotland’s security of supply.
We will, for example, press for further progress and a clear timescale for the delivery of the islands interconnector and reform of the transmission charging regime which could lead to the premature closure of Longannet power station.
We will also support steps to increase the capital available to the Green Investment Bank
and will ask the next UK government to report on options including new borrowing powers for the bank.
We will also seek adequate transport infrastructure investment, with a particular aim of improving transport and communication links across the north of these isles.
That includes connecting Scotland to HS2 as a priority, with construction beginning in Scotland as well as England,
and a high speed connection between Glasgow, Edinburgh and the north of England as part of any highspeed rail network.
In addition, we will seek additional investment to support a more rapid roll out of superfast broadband and 4G across Scotland
and to support wider and affordable access to the internet in our most disadvantaged communities,
and for a Universal Service Obligation to be applied to telecoms and broadband providers ensuring everyone is able to access the communications they need.
We will back investment a housebuilding target across the UK of 100,000 affordable homes per year.
We are determined to use capital investment to create jobs,
and support higher levels of economic growth.
This additional investment would support at least 6,500 jobs in the construction sector in Scotland.
Supporting Scotland’s job creating businesses
We want to make it much easier for growing businesses across Scotland to access finance and will look for an expansion of lending options, including peertopeer lending and making it easier for new entrants to the market, in particular to help with short term financing.
We believe the UK government should be doing more to rebalance economic activity on these isles
and so we will press for seedfund capitalisation of the new Scottish Business Development Bank, enabling new finance and investment for Scottish business to maximise job creation and growth.
We support calls for more readily available export finance and believe the steps outlined in the Scottish Government’s updated Economic Strategy, with its focus on internationalisation, will boost export opportunities for Scottish businesses and help increase the number of Scottish exporters.
We also believe that more should be done to help small businesses with cash flow and will press the UK government to introduce effective legal protections to ensure small businesses are paid on time.
We agree that small businesses should have rights within key utility markets more akin to those of household consumers.
For our tourism sector, we will press for the early devolution of Air Passenger Duty (APD) so we can use this new power to encourage more direct flights to Scotland,
with a reduction of 50 per cent and longer term plans to abolish APD completely.
We will also support examining a reduction in VAT for the hospitality sector,
levelling the playing field with other EU nations
and helping create as many as 10,000 new jobs.
For our creative industries, we will press for the BBC in Scotland to receive a fairer share of licence fee revenue generated in Scotland, which would bring a £100 million boost to Scotland’s creative sector.
We support the creation of a Creative Content Fund for the games industry to encourage the formation of new studios
and also back the retention of the Video Games tax relief.
We back industry calls for an increase in the SEIS investment limit and changes to the Shortage Occupation List to recognise specific skills needs in the sector.
Scotland needs an immigration policy suited to our specific circumstances and needs.
In particular, we wish to see the reintroduction of the poststudy work visa so students who have been educated in Scotland can spend 2 years working here after their studies and can contribute to growing our economy.
We will examine proposals to maintain the Annual Investment Allowance at a stable rate and consider whether it can be maintained at £500,000 and whether it can be extended until the end of the next Parliament in 2020.
This allowance supports investment in plant, machinery and premises and we believe business deserves certainty to enable them to make longerterm investment decisions.
We will also support a phased increase in the Employment Allowance from £2,000 per business per year to £6,000 per business per year by 201920.
This will provide a boost to employment growth by reducing the cost of creating and maintaining jobs.
This proposal will particularly benefit smaller businesses with over 95% of the support going to smaller firms.
Getting more people into wellpaid and rewarding work
The SNP will use its influence at Westminster to deliver key economic advantages for Scotland.
Our proposals include: An increase in the minimum wage to £8.70by 2020.
Easier access to finance for growing Scottish companies through the Scottish Business Development Bank
A boost for Scotland’s tourism and hospitality sectors with plans for a reduction in Air Passenger Duty
More spending in local economies with an increased minimum wage and lower National Insurance costs for companies to help create jobs
A £100 million investment in jobs in the creative sector with BBC Scotland receiving a fairer share of the licence fee.
Increased investment in infrastructure as part of our alternative to the failed UK austerity agenda
We believe that public sector organisations should be able to bid to operate rail services,
as allowed in EU law but currently prevented by UK legislation.
This would enable us to ensure the delivery of rail services in Scotland that deliver maximum economic and social benefit.
A government that works for all the country
One of the greatest indictments of the current Westminster system is that it works best for one part of society and one part of the country.
Social and geographic imbalances are increasing at a worrying rate, with an increasing imbalance between London, and the southeast, and the rest of the UK.
SNP MPs will seek to rebalance the UK for the benefit of people in the north and west of these isles.
We believe that investment in so called “national” projects in London, should be subject to normal consequential funding for Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland
and that the North of England, in particular, should see a significant increase in infrastructure expenditure.
Alongside the development of High Speed Rail from London to the Midlands,
we will seek a commitment to deliver High Speed Rail between Glasgow, Edinburgh and the north of England as the first stage of a link connecting Scotland and the north of England to London.
High Speed Rail should be constructed both from the north down and from the south up.
We will support Scotland’s city authorities with proposals for new City Deals – like the one already agreed with Glasgow and Clyde Valley – and will seek the creation of a £300 million Scottish Cities Fund, and similar Northern Cities and Welsh Cities funds, to ensure adequate resources are available to support the growth of major urban centres in the north and west of the UK.
While a strong London is good for the UK, also having a strong Glasgow, Aberdeen, Inverness, Cardiff, Newcastle and Leeds is even better.
The SNP will also aim to right a longterm economic injustice, by ensuring that a share of future oil and gas and renewable energy revenues are used to create a Sovereign Wealth Fund.
The current UK government has conceded the principle by proposing a natural resource fund for the benefit of the North of England.
The fund should be established when economic circumstances allow and should come under the ownership and management of the Scottish Parliament and Government.
We will look to boost Scotland’s rural economy by pressing for a fair share of the UK’s CAP convergence uplift, which comes to the UK as a result of Scotland’s low hectare rates.
The rural economy
The Scottish Government has prioritised Scotland’s rural economy and is working to strengthen our rural and remote communities.
This includes measures such as Road Equivalent Tariff,
a focus on the promotion of our food and drink sector
and key infrastructure investment such as the dualling of the A9.
At Westminster, SNP MPs will seek the same level of commitment to our rural industries and communities.
In particular, we will scrutinise UK government actions at an EU level to ensure that our farming and fishing industries receive full backing and support.
Other measures, proposed in this manifesto, that will be of particular benefit to our rural economy and rural communities are:
Protection of the Royal Mail’s Universal Service Obligation,
the maintenance of the 30 per cent government share of Royal Mail in order to protect the public interest
and, over time, the return of the Royal Mail to public ownership.
The introduction of a Universal Service Obligation for broadband services
Increased investment in 4G
Taking forward Scotland’s £1.3 billion rural development programme
Action at an EU level to deliver a simplified CAP
Work to ensure the discard ban is workable for our fishing fleet
Our commitment to ensure coastal communities benefit from the net income of the Crown Estate’s seabed leasing revenues
Pressing for a fair deal on fuel prices for rural areas
The full devolution of all food levies so we can support the promotion of Scotland’s food and drink
A FAIRER SOCIETY An economy that works for the many
We will firmly oppose, and seek to reverse, the growing inequality in UK society
– inequality that acts as a dampener on growth and limits opportunity for people in communities across the country.
That is why we must create a fair wage economy,
with higher wages for those on low and middle earnings translating into increased revenues for the Exchequer.
Underpinning this is our belief that everyone should have the opportunity of a good life in return for their effort and hard work.
Increasing the minimum wage and expanding the living wage will help deliver both a strong economy and a fairer society.
Instead of the current, failed Westminster approach, which is based on the false belief that the fruits of economic growth ‘trickle down’, we believe that increasing the incomes of those lower down the income scale will deliver a more direct benefit for our economy, as well as improving quality of life for hardpressed households.
This alternative approach sees all our citizens as valued contributors to society,
with the impact of higher disposable incomes felt most significantly in local economies and our thousands of small and medium sized businesses, as well as in higher revenues.
We also propose different spending and taxation priorities.
At a time when thousands of our citizens are forced to use food banks, there can be no doubt that spending billions on a new generation of nuclear weapons is unjustifiable.
A vote for the SNP is a vote to halt progress on Trident renewal, delivering a saving of £100 billion over the next 35 years.
Alongside this, we will back proposals to return the top rate of income tax in the UK to 50p.
We support a levy on tobacco firms
and would also support proposals for a specific tax on properties valued at over £2 million,
increases to the bank levy,
a banker’s bonus tax
and a review of the pension tax relief available to the wealthiest.
We would also call on the UK government to move forward cautiously with plans to increase the higher rate threshold to £50,000, ensuring first that tax revenues are sufficiently buoyant.
We will look to ensure the public interest is fully protected in any future disposal of RBS and Lloyds shares, including decisions on how any windfall revenues should be used.
A tax system that works better
It’s clear that action needs to be taken to ensure we have a tax system that is fit for the 21st century.
We will back measures to tackle tax avoidance, including early legislation to address tax dodging and an increase in staff resources at HMRC.
We will put forward measures to strengthen antiavoidance law across the UK to ensure it is as strong as new Scottish legislation.
We will also support a review of controlled foreign companies exemptions
and favour a rolling review of tax reliefs as part of an ongoing programme of simplification of the tax system.
We support calls for a global fair tax summit to agree international measures to tackle tax abuses.
More support for hardpressed households
Using the current powers of devolution, the SNP Scottish Government has taken forward policies designed to support households through the recession.
For example, we have frozen the Council Tax,
removed prescription charges
and road tolls,
increased free nursery provision,
provided free school meals in the early years of primary school
and reintroduced free university education.
Taken together, these measures have saved people across Scotland hundreds of pounds.
That includes pensioners saving an average £250 a year from concessionary travel or people with long term illnesses an average of £104 on prescription charges.
A vote for the SNP in May is a vote to protect these gains.
As well as certainty on Council Tax bills, we have also placed limits on increases in rail fares and water charges.
Through tough and effective regulation of Scottish Water we’ve been able to deliver realterms cuts in water bills.
In the same way we wish to see a more robust approach to energy bills and believe Ofgem should be empowered to enforce price reductions to reflect lower wholesale costs as a result of lower oil prices.
Consumers must see the benefit of lower wholesale costs in their bills, with savings of as much as £100 a year.
The Scottish Government and UK government should have joint oversight of Ofgem.
A fair deal for older Scots
We will continue to support older Scots, by retaining key policies such as the free bus pass and free personal care and we’ll back the continuation of the free TV license.
At Westminster, we will call for the pension triple lock to be retained, ensuring the State Pension increases each year in line with inflation, wages or by 2.5 per cent, whichever is higher.
And, we will support for a Single Tier Pension rate of £160 per week.
We will oppose the abolition of Savings Credit – introduced to reward people for saving for their pension.
We believe that there should be a review of plans to increase the state pension age beyond 66.
And, given Scotland’s colder climate, we will also resist any attempts to end the winter fuel allowance.
We will continue to support the roll out of auto enrolment for occupational pensions and also back, in principle, proposals to give pensioners more flexibility over their pension pots.
However, we must ensure adequate levels of advice and support.
We will work with pensioner groups to identify and target unfair, hidden pension charges.
Fairness in the welfare system
Westminster has presided over a relentless undermining of our social security system.
The SNP is determined to target the worst and most damaging welfare changes introduced by the current government
and to address issues such as zerohour contracts, which create unacceptable levels of uncertainty and financial insecurity for often low paid workers.
We will support efforts in the next parliament to end unfair and exploitative zerohour contracts,
with a timelimited consultation, which fully involves businesses and the trade unions, to agree the most effective way forward.
SNP MPs will vote for the complete abolition of the bedroom tax.
This will mean that the £35 million that the Scottish Government spends on mitigating its impact will be available for other purposes.
We would invest that money to tackle and eventually eradicate food poverty.
We also back increases of at least the cost of living in welfare benefits and believe the roll out of both Personal Independence Payments (PIP) and Universal Credit should be halted.
We will aim to reverse the replacement of Disability Living Allowance with PIP.
We will also oppose the £3 billion cut in disability support.
In addition, we have given assurances to people already supported by the Independent Living Fund that support will continue.
We will also support an urgent review of the system of assessments for disability benefits.
The current tapers for Universal Credit have been set too low, which means claimants will still be caught in the benefits trap, with clear financial disincentives in place for work.
We believe there should be an increase in the work allowance, to deliver a significant boost to the incomes of people moving into work, helping to lift them and their families out of poverty.
We will also support an overhaul of the Work Capability Assessments.
These are still delivering too many poor decisions, which are overturned on appeal, creating real hardship for households.
We will demand an urgent review of the conditionality and sanctions regime, in order to deliver an overhaul of the current, deeply ineffective arrangements, which impact on some of the most vulnerable in our society.
The review will take particular account of the needs of people with mental health issues.
We will seek to establish an approach that is proportionate and ethical, that recognises the particular challenges facing some individuals, and that avoids excessive or blanket measures which penalise those looking for work.
The removal of cash benefits should be a last, rather than a first, resort.
We will support an increase in Carers' Allowance so that it matches Jobseekers' Allowance.
Those in receipt of Carers' Allowance will benefit by almost £600 per year.
We will also press for the introduction, in Scotland, of a pilot programme of carer’s leave.
We will not support attempts to restrict housing benefit for 18 to 21 year olds and believe exemptions to the Shared Accommodation Rate should be extended, for example, to cover all ages.
We believe that those who have been injured in the service of our country should get the full value of any war disablement pension and so will ensure that it is not treated as income in the assessment of entitlement to other benefits.
Ending fuel poverty has also been a key campaign for the SNP at Westminster for decades.
In this next Parliament, we will seek action to ensure that those using prepayment meters have access to the same lower energy prices available to those using other payment methods.
We will also press the UK government to ensure that pensioners whose homes are ‘off grid’ receive their winter fuel allowances earlier, so they can take advantage of lower prices earlier in the year.
A STRONGER SOCIETY
This election is an opportunity for Scotland to have real influence to deliver important gains and protections.
On a wide range of issues, Scottish values and priorities can carry real weight at Westminster.
Working in partnership
We will press the UK government to work with the business community on mechanisms to formalise the relationship between government, employer associations and employee associations with a particular focus on encouraging wider trade union participation and recognising the positive role that can be played by collective bargaining in improving labour market conditions.
Evidence from the OECD shows that stronger trade unions tend to reduce inequality in labour income and ensure a more equal distribution of earnings.
We support increased employee representation on company boards, believing that this can help bolster longterm decisionmaking and improve industrial relations.
We will urge the UK government to consult on how best to deliver such an increase.
We will seek to reverse recent changes, which reduced key aspects of workers’ rights.
For example, we will press for the restoration of a 90 days consultation period for redundancies affecting 100 or more employees.
In addition, we will also oppose Tory plans to further restrict the right to strike
and support trade unions with their proposals to modernise the way strike ballots are undertaken, with safe and secure online voting to maximise participation.
Caring about climate change, our environment and the natural world
CARBON REDUCTION
We will use our influence at Westminster to ensure the UK matches, and supports, Scotland’s ambitious commitments to carbon reduction
and that both Scotland and the UK are able to play a constructive role at this year’s UN Climate Change Conference.
And, we will call on the UK government to match the approach of the Scottish Government with a dedicated Climate Justice Fund.
RENEWABLE & COMMUNITY ENERGY
We will seek to maximise support for offshore wind, including by seeking alterations to the current Contracts for Differences (CFD) regime to ensure that support is given to the offshore wind sector to not only generate renewable energy
but also to boost manufacturing opportunities and ensure Scotland sees maximum investment.
Allocations from the next round of CFD should be made early and projects in Scotland should be prioritised and receive their fair share of funding.
We want to see a longterm commitment to the development of this industry.
We will continue to argue for changes to ensure that Scottish renewables, and Scotland’s islands, are not penalised because of their distance from markets in the south of England.
We believe that transmission arrangements should work to support, rather than undermine, production of renewable energy in the most favourable locations.
And we will press for onshore wind to continue to receive support through the lifetime of the next Parliament.
Our ambition is not limited to wind.
We want the UK government to remove barriers that are limiting growth in the hydro sector
and believe there should be additional support for pump hydro and Carbon Capture and Storage schemes.
We also wish to see a big expansion in community heating schemes and believe the Renewable Heat Incentive should continue beyond 2015.
The Scottish Government has ambitious targets to support community energy generation and we will press the UK government to make it simpler for communities to establish local energy companies and easier for community schemes to access the grid.
SPECIES PROTECTION
While responsibility for animal welfare is devolved to the Scottish Parliament –and the SNP in government is already working to improve the conditions of kept animals, including consultations on responsible dog ownership
and wild animals in travelling circuses,
and giving consideration to further protection at slaughter,
the registration or licensing of horse establishments
and a review of tail docking in working dogs at Westminster
we will support further animal welfare measures with a global focus.
This includes action to end the illegal ivory trade and protect species such as polar bears and bluefin tuna.
Our place in the world
Scotland is an outward looking nation.
We have family in all parts of the world and our society has been strengthened, over generations, by new Scots arriving from across the globe.
This is part of who we are and provides untold benefits, socially, culturally and economically.
That is why we must do all we can to prevent increasingly insular attitudes at Westminster from shutting Scotland off from the world.
Backing the Scottish Government’s international strategy The Scottish Government’s international strategy is based on three core elements participation, promotion and protection and these will be central to our approach at Westminster.
We expect the UK government to participate fully in international institutions, to respect their role and to work with them.
This includes the UK fulfilling all its international obligations.
The UK’s standing in the world has been damaged by our involvement in the illegal war in Iraq.
We wish to see proper oversight and approval for any future UK military action, which would need to be in accordance with the principles of the UN Charter and approved by Parliament.
We will call on the next UK government to pursue a two state solution for Israel and Palestine and to support the formal recognition of a Palestinian state.
MAKING THE EU WORK BETTER FOR SCOTLAND
The European Union is far from perfect, however we believe that it is overwhelmingly in Scotland’s interests for us to remain a member,
engaging with the institutions as fully as we can, and to argue for reform from within.
We will oppose UK withdrawal from the EU and will propose that, in any future referendum there should be a double majority requirement.
Each of the four constituent nations of the UK would have to vote for withdrawal before the UK as a whole could leave the European Union.
We believe there should be a greater role for devolved administrations in the Council of Ministers and more direct engagement in devolved policy areas, across the full range of European institutions.
We will seek a Cooperation Agreement between the UK government and devolved administrations, which will include formal agreement on speaking rights for Scottish ministers and direct Scottish input into the development of UK policy on key EU issues.
We support free movement within the EU and recognise both the contribution EU citizens make to Scottish society and the opportunities created for Scottish citizens elsewhere in the EU.
We also support Scottish participation in the European Arrest warrant, a measure that makes it easier to bring to justice criminals who have fled to other EU jurisdictions.
We will also seek an explicit exemption for the NHS and Scottish Water, as part of a general public sector exemption, from the terms of the proposed TransAtlantic Trade and Investment Partnership.
A FOCUS ON INTERNATIONAL JUSTICE AND PEACE
Today, Scottish international aid investment is making a big difference to thousands of lives in some of the world’s most disadvantaged communities.
We have long supported the United Nations target to spend 0.7 per cent of Gross National Income (GNI) on international development and will continue to support UK spending at this level
– which must be calculated on current, not former, measurements of GNI.
As part of a commitment to focus on aid quality, we believe that overseas aid funding should not be used for defence related expenditure
and should not undermine public services in developing countries.
And, we are in favour of an audit of outstanding debt owed by developing countries, with debt relief provided as appropriate.
SNP MPs will also make the case for the establishment of a special envoy a diplomatic post within the Foreign Office to promote the rights of LGBTI people throughout the word, as an integral part of UK foreign policy.
Defence that works for the people of Scotland
STRATEGIC DEFENCE AND SECURITY REVIEW
As a northern European nation, our near neighbourhood including the High North and Arctic are a key priority for Scotland.
The forthcoming UK Strategic Defence and Security Review (SDSR) must take full account of the particular challenges and opportunities of the northern regional dimension,
and of the need to be more effective at combatting cyberterrorism where the SDSR must lay out a clear strategy,
including continued engagement with the Scottish Government.
The SDSR must review the current Ministry of Defence record, which includes falsely inflating spending commitments, mismanaging Army personnel reforms and creating dangerous capability gaps.
In particular, we believe there should be ocean going conventional patrol vessels based permanently in Scotland
and will seek the early procurement of multirole Maritime Patrol Aircraft purchased ‘off the shelf’ by the end of this parliament and operating from Scotland.
The SDSR must also fully consider the advantages of a defence policy without weapons of mass destruction and wasting £100bn renewing Trident.
We will continue in our principled opposition to nuclear weapons and believe that the UK should abandon plans to renew the Trident nuclear missile system.
In addition, the MoD should also publish in full current and projected annual costs of the Trident system and its proposed successor programme, including nuclear weapons throughlife costs.
THE CONVENTIONAL DEFENCE FOOTPRINT
UK policy has seen reductions in conventional footprint in Scotland, leading to a significant underspend, meaning fewer jobs and less defence related spending to benefit local economies.
Existing conventional bases in Scotland should be retained and all conventional rebasing activities should be completed by the end of this parliament.
There should be no further erosion of the Scottish regiments
and it remains our ambition to see the traditional regiments restored.
DEFENCE SPENDING
We support greater transparency in UK defence spending, with a full breakdown of spending by nation and region in the UK, including all procurement and SME expenditure and a full breakdown of component costs of all major projects by location.
With taxpayers in Scotland contributing billions of pounds more than the MOD currently spends in Scotland we believe that a far larger proportion of the defence procurement budget should be spent in Scotland.
There should be a strategy developed by the MOD to ensure more small and medium sized enterprises in Scotland are part of the manufacturing support chain for major defence projects.
The Type 26 frigates must be built in Scotland and the Aircraft Carriers refitted at Rosyth.
LOOKING AFTER OUR SERVICE PERSONNEL
The duty of care to our service personnel, veterans and their families must be a key priority.
The MoD should provide much better support to next of kin and bereaved families in the event of a loss of a serving relative.
As a matter of safety, we believe a collision warning system should be installed on Tornado and Typhoon aircraft as quickly as possible.
We also support giving Armed Forces representative bodies a statutory footing.
New powers to protect our communities
There is no doubt that Fixed Odds Betting Terminals cause harm and hardship in communities across Scotland.
That’s why the Scottish Government needs legislative powers to control the growth and impact of these machines,
and we believe the UK government should devolve these powers in full.
The problem of Fixed Odds Betting Terminals is linked to the proliferation of betting shops in some communities and so we will continue to argue for Scotland to have full responsibility for the regulation of gambling.
We will also seek new powers so we can effectively regulate payday lenders in Scotland’s communities, building on the recommendations of the Smith Commission and going beyond proposals set out so far by the current UK government.
Protecting personal data
We do not support Tory plans for the reintroduction of the so called ‘snoopers’ charter’, which would see all online activity of every person in the UK stored for a year.
Instead, we need a proportionate response to extremism.
That is why we will support targeted, and properly overseen, measures to identify suspected extremists and, if necessary, examine their online activity and communications.
A flourishing media environment and creative sector
We believe that responsibility for broadcasting in Scotland should transfer from Westminster to the Scottish Parliament and we will support moves to more devolved arrangements for the BBC with greater powers and funding for the different national and regional broadcasting areas, such as BBC Scotland.
We believe that the licence fee should be retained with any replacement system,
which should be based primarily on the ability to pay, in place by the end of the next BBC Charter period.
BBC Scotland should receive a fairer share of BBC income, reflecting more accurately the licence fee revenue raised here in Scotland.
This would provide a boost of over £100 million, which we believe will provide important new opportunities for production companies and the creative sector in Scotland.
The Scottish Government and Parliament should have a substantial role at all stages in the review of the BBC Charter and we will work to ensure that any new governance arrangements for the BBC better reflect Scotland’s interests.
It should also be for the Scottish Government to decide which sporting events in Scotland should be included in the list of those that are free to view in Scotland.
Regulation of print media is already devolved.
The Scottish Parliament chose, on a cross party basis, to support the UK Government’s actions to implement Leveson.
We will consider carefully the results of the first year review and work with other parties, in Scotland and at Westminster, to ensure effective regulation of the media on a nonpolitical basis.
Safeguarding our land and seas
We will press the UK government to reinstate an emergency towing vehicle on the west coast of Scotland and to ensure that delays in recruitment don’t leave vital coastguard stations understaffed.
We will seek a commitment for the earliest possible return of the Aeronautical Rescue Coordination Centre to Kinloss, so that search and rescue operations can be coordinated in Scotland.
SORTING THE BROKEN WESTMINSTER SYSTEM
This election gives us a rare opportunity to begin to repair what is an increasingly broken political system in the UK.
We need to make clear to those who wield power that they do so only with the consent of the people.
Almost every aspect of the system needs an overhaul.
That includes an effective power of recall for MPs.
We will continue to work with others, across the political parties, to deliver a system that gives real power to voters to remove MPs who have forfeited the trust of their electors.
We also badly need a fair voting system for UK elections.
The electoral system means political focus is on the interests of a small number of swing voters in marginal seats, and that has meant the economic and social needs of areas like the north of England, Scotland, the West Midlands and Wales have been forgotten.
The SNP supports the Single Transferable Vote, a system that makes sure every vote and every part of the country counts.
Of course, the second chamber of the UK parliament is not even elected and continues to have hereditary members who have a greater say in the future of Scotland’s defence or welfare system than the elected members of the Scottish Parliament.
The SNP believes the House of Lords should be scrapped and replaced with a fully elected second chamber.
Given the successful inclusion of 16 and 17 year olds in the independence vote the Scottish Parliament is legislating to ensure they also have the vote in Holyrood elections.
We believe 16 and 17 year olds should be given the vote in UK general and European elections and will work with future governments to secure this change
Lobbying and charities
We  support  strict  rules  on  lobbying  but  believe  that campaigning  charities  should  be  allowed  straightforward  access  and  restrictions  on  their  activities  as ‘nonparty  campaigners’  should  be  removed.
Promoting equality and protecting human rights
Scotland’s new First Minister, Nicola Sturgeon MSP, has given a very clear signal of the need to have more equal representation of men and women in public life.
The Scottish Cabinet is one of only three cabinets in the developed world to have an equal number of men and women
and, with the necessary powers devolved, we will take forward proposals to ensure 50 per cent female representation on public boards.
We will press for the same step to be taken for UK wide public bodies and will also encourage the new UK government to work with the private sector to increase the number of women represented at the most senior levels in our major companies.
We will support the tightening of the law on maternity discrimination, with legislation introduced within the first year of a new UK government.
We have also called for early action on Equal Pay audits for larger companies to ensure women are getting the salaries they are entitled to.
We will demand that section 78 of the Equalities Act 2010 is commenced and that regulations to compel employers of more than 250 people to publish annual gender pay gap information, starting in 201617, are consulted on and brought into law.
VAT on sanitary products
We are determined to ensure a fairer deal for women, not only in the work place.
That’s why we’ll address a longstanding failure in our tax system by demanding that VAT on sanitary products is removed.
Sanitary products are a necessity, not a luxury, and should not be taxed.
With powers over equalities devolved, we would bring forward an Equal Pay (Scotland) Bill to finally deliver equal pay law that works for women in Scotland.
It is unacceptable 45 years after the Equal Pay Act was passed in 1970 that the gender pay gap remains.
This would include consultation on how new regulations or structures can be created by the Bill to expedite the equal pay claims process, and ensure that settlements are enforced quickly.
We will seek to maintain the protections provided by the Equality Act 2010 and will ask the government to engage with key stakeholders on potential improvements.
We will also support calls to establish a Race Committee to advise the work of the Equality and Human Rights Commission.
In addition, we will ask the UK government to conduct an early review of the current immigration detention system and regime, in order to deliver a fairer and more effective system as we move forward.
Given the central place of human rights in Scotland’s constitutional settlement, and their importance at the heart of our politics, we will oppose scrapping the Human Rights Act
or withdrawal from the European Convention on Human Rights.
BACKING THE SCOTTISH GOVERNMENT
Too often in recent years, decisions by governments at Westminster have undermined the ability of the Scottish Government to deliver as much as it would wish.
This has included budget cuts as a result of austerity, questionable application of the Barnett Formula and long delays in giving approval for Scottish Government proposals, for example the mechanism to mitigate the Bedroom Tax in Scotland.
A strong team of SNP MPs at Westminster can do more to ensure that the UK government is not standing in the way of progress for Scotland.
Protecting a strong record of delivery
At the heart of this manifesto is our commitment to move away from the damaging austerity agenda of the current UK government, so that we can protect Scotland’s public services from future Tory cuts and protect the progress that has been delivered by tens of thousands of dedicated public sector staff.
In health, with the SNP, the number of staff working in Scotland’s NHS has risen to a record high, with over 10,000 more people now working in the NHS.
These staff have delivered shorter waiting times, including in vitally important areas such as cancer treatment.
While there is still work to do, the number of people starting treatment for cancer within 62 days of referral has risen from 84.5 per cent in 2007 to 94.2 per cent.
Nearly twothirds of people in Scotland now say they are satisfied with our health service, according to the most recent survey, compared to just twofifths in 2005.
In our schools, against every main measure, education is getting better.
We have record exam results and record high number of school leavers in either work, training or further or higher education.
The number of P1 pupils in Scotland taught in classes of more than 25 has fallen to just 451 this year
– 97 per cent lower than the 16,845 children recorded in 2006.
And the proportion of schools reported as being in ‘good’ or ‘satisfactory’ condition has increased again, to 83 per cent – up from 61 per cent in April 2007.
That means the number of pupils in poor or bad buildings has more than halved since 2007.
Working for a healthier Scotland
Since the election of the SNP government in 2007: There has been an increase of over 2,300 nurses and midwives in Scotland and 2,350 doctors
More than 320 extra GPs work in our communities
and there are almost 1,350 more consultants providing specialist care in our NHS,
including a 170 per cent increase in A&E consultants
We’ve seen an 8.8 per cent increase in the number of paramedics
while the number of senior managers in the NHS is down 29 per cent.
We’ve  protected  NHS  spending  against Westminster  austerity  –  and  we  will  argue  for increases  in  health  spending  across  the  UK  of £9.5  billion  above  inflation  by  202021   £24 billion  in  total.
This  will  deliver  a  total  increase for  NHS  Scotland  of  £2  billion  by  202021.
And in our communities people are feeling safer.
The crime clear up rate is the highest since comparable records began in 1976 and recorded crime has fallen for the seventh year in a row and is now at its lowest level for 40 years.
We’ve also acted to tackle the scourge of knife crime.
The average prison sentence for handling an offensive weapon in Scotland is now three times higher than in 200405.
Crimes of handling an offensive weapon (including knives) have reduced by 62 per cent since 200607.
Education – an investment in all our futures
Under the SNP Government at Holyrood: Tuition fees have been scrapped – and more young people than ever before are going to university
We’ve introduced the new Curriculum for Excellence and invested in new school buildings so more of our children can enjoy the best possible learning environment
Pass rates for Higher exams have reached record levels, with children sitting the new National exams for the first time last year.
And we’ve launched a £100 million Attainment Scotland Fund to support primary school pupils in some of our most disadvantaged areas
There are 25,000 apprenticeships available every year – and we have pledged to increase this to 30,000 by 2020.
The biggest threat to this progress is another swathe of Westminster inspired austerity cuts, which could have a devastating impact on services across the country.
Over half of the total planned cuts are still to come over the course of the next UK Parliament.
If we don’t act now to end Tory austerity, Scotland’s cumulative share of the proposed realterms cuts over the next five years is estimated at around £12 billion £2300 for every person in Scotland.
That is why this election is so important, so we can choose a different path forward, which enables the SNP Scottish
Safer streets and safer communities
We’ve rejected the approach adopted elsewhere in the UK and chosen to maintain investment in 1,000 extra police, enabling Police Scotland to deliver record low crime rates:
Recorded crime in Scotland is at its lowest level in 40 years, and the number of homicides has halved since 2007.
The clearup rate for recorded crimes is at its highest since 1976, when comparable records began.
Reoffending rates have fallen over the last decade, with a 17 per cent drop in the average number of reconvictions per offender.
SNP MPs will press for the revenue from court fines to be retained in Scotland and for Police Scotland and our Fire and Rescue Service to receive the same VAT exemption as other forces,
with the money reinvested in safer communities.
Government to continue to deliver the high quality services people in Scotland expect.
And it is a path that will enable us to build on the continuing economic recovery.
Over the past 12 months around 46,000 more people are in work.
That includes, in recent months, a record high number of women in employment in Scotland.
And youth unemployment is at a five year low.
Two in every five business properties across Scotland benefit from zero or reduced rates through the Small Business Bonus Scheme alone, supporting local job creators, and the latest figures show inward investment at a 17year high.
Overall, our business rates relief packages benefit around 100,000 companies.
But there is much more we can achieve and SNP MPs in the House of Commons will work with SNP ministers in the Scottish Government to ensure that we continue to make progress as a society and economy, across all three of the Scottish Government’s priority areas:
Creating more, better paid jobs in a strong, sustainable economy
Our ambition is for a stronger Scottish economy, with the fruits of economic success shared more widely.
We have set out our plans to deliver higher levels of sustainable economic growth through the Scottish Government’s refreshed Economic Strategy.
This includes proposals to boost Scotland’s competitiveness, reduce levels of inequality and increase productivity.
Our aim is to match the productivity levels of the most successful economies in Europe.
We also want Scotland to be in the top quarter of OECD countries in terms of wellbeing, sustainability and equality.
This includes narrowing the economic gap between the different regions of Scotland.
We are focused on four key themes – Investment, Innovation, Inclusive Growth and Internationalisation.
We know that building a highskill, connected Scotland is essential if we are to maximise our nation’s economic potential.
That is why we are investing in our people, infrastructure and assets, for example, by working to widen access to higher education.
New skills provide a route into rewarding, fulfilling employment.
Our approach will see 30,000 new Modern Apprenticeship opportunities every year by 2020, having already exceeded our current target of 25,000 per year.
Our aim is to reduce youth unemployment by 40 percent by 2021.
We believe that the more we can integrate skills and employment policy, with an extension of powers for the Scottish Parliament,
the more we can achieve for people joining the jobs market.
That includes the prompt devolution of the Work Programme and Work Choice.
We will also keep university education in Scotland free
and have increased the minimum income for our poorest students to £7,500 this year.
We are also investing to support Scotland’s job creators.
Through initiatives like the Scottish Business Development Bank we want to find ways of improving access to finance for growing businesses
and we will use the influence we have at Westminster to secure additional funds so we can further increase support for Scottish companies.
We are determined to maintain Scotland's position as the best place to do business in the UK with a package of business rates relief worth an estimated £594 million for 201415
and £618 million for 201516
– supporting around 100,000 businesses across the country.
And we will continue to maximise investment in our nation’s infrastructure, using both capital spending, new borrowing powers and a range of innovative finance mechanisms.
In government, we have adopted an ‘allScotland’ approach, with key infrastructure projects across the country to ensure the fruits of economic opportunity are shared as widely as possible.
Projects include the A9, Aberdeen to Inverness rail line,
the Aberdeen bypass,
the Borders Railway,
the completion of the GlasgowEdinburgh rail improvements
and the Dundee Waterfront project.
In addition, we are supporting our construction sector by providing £30 million of ringfenced support for smaller developers within the Help to Buy Scotland scheme.
We will also invest £70 million over the next year in the Open Market Shared Equity Scheme to help first time buyers, with low or moderate incomes, on to the property ladder.
Our aim is to foster a culture of Innovation.
In government that means establishing a new Ministerial led Innovation Forum and supporting the network of Innovation Centres, so that we can ensure effective knowledge and innovation transfer from our academic research base into the wider business community.
This approach includes a £1 million Innovation Challenge Fund to help address major societal and industrial challenges.
We are supporting international collaboration by piloting Innovation and Investment Hubs at key global locations
and are also promoting innovation in, and through, the public sector as a means of getting the most out of public expenditure across the economy.
We recognise and applaud the vital part played by our universities in creating worldleading research, including in areas of cuttingedge science and technology,
and boosting both Scotland’s international profile and innovation base.
We will continue to work closely with our universities to maintain their position of global excellence.
Supporting Scottish business
We have been working hard to help Scottish business succeed, including: Delivering the most competitive business tax environment anywhere in the UK through our business rates policies//,
and the package of business rates reliefs worth an estimated £618 million in 201516.
Maintaining the Small Business Bonus Scheme which removes or reduces rates for almost 100,000 businesses.
We’re helping business get access to finance through the Scottish Loan Fund and the Scottish Investment Bank
and we are providing advisory support through Scottish Enterprise, Highlands and Islands Enterprise and Business Gateway to help companies improve their chances of securing funding.
Promoting a culture of entrepreneurial ambition and innovation in Scotland by supporting ambitious collaborations between universities, businesses and others to capitalise on Scotland’s worldclass research including through a network of eight Innovation Centres.
And, we’re working to encourage more Scottish companies to become active exporters with Scottish Development International working with partners to support up to 10,000 more businesses develop the skills to go international.
Our plans are centred on the idea of Inclusive Growth.
We want more people in Scotland to share in the fruits of economic growth.
We are determined to deliver improvements in educational outcomes in Scotland’s most disadvantaged communities, which is why we have announced our £100 million Attainment Scotland Fund.
By establishing a Fair Work Convention we aim to draw on and promote best practice, while making it easier to work effectively with our partners across the business community, third sector and trade unions.
As Scotland’s government, we will continue to work closely with Scottish businesses to increase our country’s competitiveness and make the most of the underlying strengths in Scotland’s economy so we can deliver higher levels of growth.
As part of this partnership, SNP ministers have developed a Scottish Business Pledge because we know that a stronger economy emerges from a stronger society.
The business pledge includes commitments to pay the living wage,
not use exploitative zerohour contracts
and to take forward a programme of innovation.
In return, the Scottish Government will provide targeted support and advice to help companies export, grow, innovate and become more productive.
The greater share people have in economic growth, the more they will contribute to Scotland’s economic success and so we want a national endeavour, involving our business community at its core, so we can create the wealth
and share that wealth more fairly than under the Westminster model
We will also continue our support for the living wage, ensuring it is paid to all staff covered by the Scottish Government’s public sector pay policy.
SNP MPs will press for the UK government to adopt this policy across the UK.
We know that fair pay is an important part of creating a fairer society and so will use the powers and influence we have to further promote the living wage across the private sector.
SNP MPs will work with Scottish ministers to help ensure 500 organisations are signed up to the Living Wage Accreditation Scheme within the next year, by becoming local living wage champions in their constituency.
And through guidance on procurement, the SNP will work to ensure all suppliers to the Scottish Government also pay the living wage.
Our economic strategy is designed to ensure that Scotland can take more advantage of international opportunities.
In government, we are developing a new Trade and Investment Strategy and will establish One Scotland Partnerships.
These will set clear trade and innovation goals for specific international markets and ensure that activity is coordinated to maximise impact.
Our updated International Framework will set the context for how the Scottish Government, its agencies and public bodies engage most effectively worldwide to promote Scotland for the benefit of our economy and to increase trade and investment opportunities.
330,000 Scottish jobs depend on membership of the EU single market.
SNP MPs will vote against an in/out EU referendum.
However, if there is to be a referendum, we will seek to amend the legislation to insert a 'double majority' rule unless each of England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland, as well as the UK as a whole, voted to exit the EU, the UK would remain a member state
Building a fairer Scotland and tackling inequality.
The past year has shown there is a real demand for a new Scotland, where more of us can contribute fully.
Our approach in government, with its focus on early intervention, is putting in place the firm foundations for future success by giving more young Scots the best possible start in life.
We are determined to invest as much as we can in a brighter future for our young people.
That includes our current commitment to 600 hours of childcare for over 120,000 3 and 4 year olds and eligible 2 year olds.
In the coming years, we will build on this to almost double the number of free hours to 30 hours a week of free childcare by the end of the next Scottish Parliament for all 3 and 4 year olds and eligible 2 year olds.
In government, we are providing £104 million in 201516 to protect as many people as possible from the damaging impact of the welfare reforms being imposed by Westminster.
That includes mitigation of the Bedroom Tax and the Council Tax reduction scheme, which has protected 500,000 of Scotland’s lowest income households from increased Council Tax.
The Council Tax freeze has also helped hardpressed households – by 2016 the freeze will have saved households an average of £1,200, with those on low incomes seeing the biggest savings as a proportion of their household income.
We are committed to maintaining the Council Tax freeze, as set out in our 2011 election manifesto,
and will work with others to review options for future replacement for the unfair council tax system.
We are creating a statutory basis for a permanent local welfare safety net
and will, through a Carers Bill, provide further support for carers and young carers.
Of course, there is so much more we could achieve with more extensive powers over welfare.
The Scotland we all seek is one where our most important public services are protected.
In the face of new UK cuts, we remain absolutely committed to the Scottish health service.
In this manifesto we propose big increases in spending on health across the UK, which would deliver an additional £2 billion for Scotland’s NHS.
As Scotland’s government, we will continue to pass on any new Barnett consequentials from health spending in England.
Our support for the NHS has been shown this year by the £383 million increase in health resource spending, bringing it to record levels.
As a result, each and every one of Scotland’s health boards will receive above inflation spending increases next year.
We have taken steps to reduce consumption of alcohol and tobacco and to promote a more active lifestyle through sport.
We have also worked hard to remove financial barriers to treatment and care.
Free prescriptions and the commitment to continue free personal care for the elderly are an important part of delivering a healthier Scotland, and the SNP will maintain these vital policies.
We will also continue with an ambitious programme of health and social care integration, ensuring that health and social care provision across Scotland is joinedup and provides a seamless service,
especially for people with longterm conditions and disabilities.
This includes £300 million over the next three years for the Integrated Care Fund
and £30 million for telehealth.
This is additional investment that will support integration, meaning better local primary, community and care services to help keep people safe in their own homes for as long as possible.
We’ve already committed £15 million to a mental health innovation fund
and, as part of our proposals for higher health spending, will seek to increase this investment to £100 million over the next 5 years.
Resources will be directed towards projects that will improve mental health treatments in the primary care sector.
The fund will also enable further investment in child and adolescent mental health services.
Scotland was the first country in the UK to introduce waiting time targets for these services,
and we have increased the workforce by 45 per cent.
We are also investing a further £100 million over the next 3 years to help tackle delayed discharges in our hospitals.
This will ensure more spaces are available for hospital admissions and enable boards and local councils to deliver quality care for people where they live.
Our plans also include an extra £40 million for new medicines.
We will invest more in specialist nursing care, with a commitment to new spending of £2.5 million,
with the first allocation going to support patients with motorneurone disease.
We also support calls to double research funding across the UK to find a cure for motorneurone disease, with Scotland well placed to play a central role in taking forward new research in this area.
Our approach to education is based on giving our young people the skills they need to flourish, now and in later life.
The introduction of Curriculum for Excellence is a big part of this, but we are also working to improve the learning environment and to remove barriers to education for our youngest pupils
and for those entering higher and further education.
Our decision to introduce free school meals for all pupils in primary 1 to 3 is providing a welcome boost to the wellbeing of thousands of children,
boosting their capacity to learn and helping to reduce educational inequalities.
It is also saving thousands of families, many on low incomes, over £300 each year.
Our school building programme will continue, so we can further improve the teaching and learning environment.
So far we have seen 526 schools rebuilt or refurnished under the SNP almost 200 more than were delivered in the eight years of Labour and the LibDems.
Through our £1.8 billion Schools for the Future programme we will continue to invest, delivering almost 100 more new and improved buildings by 2020,
on top of projects delivered through capital expenditure by local councils.
We will deliver increased investment in the year ahead to fund an additional 250 teacher training places the fourth year in a row we have delivered an increase.
And we are providing additional resources to local councils to maintain teacher numbers.
Our new Education (Scotland) Bill will focus on ways we can improve attainment, especially among Scotland’s most disadvantaged children.
Councils will have a statutory duty to narrow the attainment gap.
The Bill includes a range of other measures, including steps to ensure all teachers are appropriately trained and qualified.
It will also focus on Gaelic education by placing a duty on councils to assess the need for Gaelic medium primary education following a parental request.
As part of our ongoing support for Gaelic, we will ensure funding for Bòrd na Gàidhlig is protected.
We will also expand entitlement to the Educational Maintenance Allowance (EMA) so that an extra 10,000 school pupils and 12,000 college students receive this important financial support, making it easier for them continue their education.
This will bring the number of young Scots receiving the EMA to 57,000.
We are proud to have delivered our unique Scottish Youth Guarantee, with a guaranteed offer of a place in training or education for all 16 to 19 year olds.
That is why we have seen an increase in fulltime college places and have committed to an increase in the number of Modern Apprenticeship places to 30,000 each year.
SNP MPs will press the UK to adopt the European Youth Guarantee to ensure faster intervention when a young person aged 16 to 24 is unemployed.
Passing power to people and delivering stronger communities.
Throughout the referendum campaign we said that decisions about Scotland’s future should be taken by the people who care most about Scotland, that is the people who live here.
That same broad principle should apply to decisions that most directly affect our local communities.
Over these coming months, we will ensure progress of the Community Empowerment Bill, which was introduced to the Parliament earlier this year.
The Bill proposes ways we can improve civic and community engagement and empowerment, including on the use of public assets.
SNP MPs will seek ways of extending the community asset transfer provisions of the legislation to include property in Scotland owned by UK government departments.
Mitigating welfare changes
The Scottish Government has been working to reduce the negative impact on households of UK welfare changes.
The UK Social Fund is now delivered by the Scottish Government and provides Crisis Grants and also Community Care Grants to enable independent living.
Following the abolition of Council Tax Benefit and the 10 percent reduction in funding made available for its replacement, the Scottish Government and Scotland’s councils, working together, are providing £40 million to ensure that no household loses out as a result of the UK change.
Over half a million households in Scotland have been protected from higher Council Tax bills.
We are also providing £35 million per year to ensure over 70,000 Scottish households can be protected from the damaging effects of the Westminster Bedroom Tax.
We have also established a new Empowering Communities Fund.
It has an additional £10 million to allocate in this coming year – enabling us to support over 200 community projects.
We are also committed to using public contracts to deliver clear community benefits,
including local employment and training opportunities
and support for community initiatives.
We will continue to take forward our partnership with Scotland’s island communities as part of the ‘Our Islands, Our Future’ project, with the clear intention to devolve new powers and responsibilities to Scotland’s three main island groups.
We will also work with local authorities to ensure that our island and coastal communities see a direct benefit from the devolution of the Crown Estate,
including full enjoyment of net income from seabed leasing revenue.
We believe that the natural wealth and resources of Scotland should deliver clearer advantages for the people who live here.
That includes one of our most valuable natural assets our land.
Our new Land Reform Bill will improve transparency and accountability of land ownership and ensure Scotland's land reform debate focuses on how Scotland's land can be best managed in the public interest to ensure it is of benefit to all of the people of Scotland.
We are also working to support increased community ownership of local energy projects, for example, through our £20 million local energy challenge fund.
This fund provides support for projects from community groups, local councils and housing associations, among others,
with the aim of delivering 500MW of locally owned renewable generation by 2020.
Our ambition is to achieve even more and we will explore ways of increasing support for community generation.
As part of our focus on meeting our climate change targets
and promoting sustainable economic growth,
we will support businesses, the third sector and public sector organisations working to boost productivity by using energy, materials and water more efficiently, so we can build a more resource efficient Scotland.
This includes work to stimulate remanufacturing networks and supply chains through the Scottish Institute of Remanufacturing, one of only four international centres of excellence.
As the Scottish Government, we are consulting on measures to reduce emissions in Scotland, including looking at the creation of Low Emission Zones.
We will continue to develop our zero waste strategy, supporting a range of initiatives, for example the ongoing pilot project for reverse vending machines to encourage rewards for recycling.
We will use our influence at Westminster to ensure the UK matches, and supports, Scotland’s ambitious commitments to carbon reduction
and that we play a positive role in the UN Climate Change conference in Paris.
We will also look for the Bank of England to continue its work on the potential impact of climate change on financial stability in the UK and report on how it can best respond.
In government we have made the promotion of Scotland’s food and drink a key priority with a particular focus on Scotland’s excellent produce as part of the 2015 Year of Food and Drink.
We will continue to work on promoting local food supply, including within the public sector.
We will seek full devolved responsibility over all food levies to support the promotion of food and drink,
so we can build on a record that has seen growth in the sector in Scotland of 20.8 per cent compared to 8.6 per cent in the UK.
Given that our whisky industry is a key national and export industry, we remain committed to a Treasury review of alcohol taxation to better reflect alcohol content, while securing health benefits through minimum pricing.
We are also taking forward the introduction of Scotland’s new rural development programme, which will provide crucial support for Scottish farming, food production, rural communities and the environment.
The new scheme is worth £1.3 billion over the next six years.
We will continue to press for speedy European signoff of Scotland’s rural development programme and, in the meantime, will continue to take action here in Scotland to minimise any delay or disruption to payments.
SNP MPs will urge the UK government to work with the European Commission to deliver a simplified CAP, in particular with a review of direct payments and Greening, in line with proposals in the Brian Pack report to reduce red tape.
We will also continue to press the Agriculture Commissioner to ensure Scottish farmers get clarity and certainty over the implementation arrangements for the new CAP.
Fishing is a very important industry for Scotland’s economy, with fishing, aquaculture and processing generating £690m
and employing around 14,300 people.
The SNP is working hard to increase revenues and profitability for the industry, with the deal secured at last December’s fisheries council adding around £10 million to the value of Scotland's whitefish and prawn stocks.
We are engaging with the industry on our review of fish quota management.
We want to ensure quotas are managed in the common interest,
so that active fishermen have access to the quota that they need, rather than seeing them concentrated in the hands of those with the deepest pockets.
We want to sustain jobs and find ways to support the entry of the next generation of skippers.
We will continue to work to ensure the discard ban is implemented in a way that does not damage the viability of the fleet and is workable for our fishermen.
Sensible implementation will deliver benefits for the fleet and consumers as we end the practice of dumping perfectly good fish back into the sea.
Our aim is to grow and strengthen local economies, both urban and rural.
By increasing the minimum wage and supporting a fair wage economy we can increase the disposable income of low and middle income households,
which will provide a direct boost to local businesses, enabling them to grow.
We are keen to see spending increase, and profits remain, within local communities so that more money is being circulated locally, generating jobs and opportunities for the benefit of all.
That is why we remain fully committed to the Small Business Bonus
and why we are expanding the Social Entrepreneurs Fund, to encourage and support community social enterprises.
We also recognise the importance of improving access to the internet, especially for some of our more remote or disadvantaged communities.
In government we are working to maximise the availability of highspeed broadband across Scotland
and are also providing funding of £1.5 million to increase free provision of WiFi in public buildings.
Our aim is to deliver a futureproofed infrastructure that will establish worldclass digital connectivity across Scotland by 2020,
including tackling the digital divide.
That is why we are investing in Superfast Broadband, so that at least 95 per cent of premises across Scotland will be able to access fibre broadband by the end of 2017.
From the very first days of the SNP in government in Scotland we have been determined to make our streets safer and to give people greater confidence and security in their communities and in their homes.
That’s why we invested in 1,000 extra police and why we are committed to retaining these extra police in our communities.
With record low crime rates and big improvements in detection, we know this is a policy that is working.
SNP MPs will join SNP ministers in pressing for all court fines income to be retained in Scotland so we can boost investment in crime reduction measures nationwide.
We will also press for Police Scotland to have the same ability to save on VAT as other police forces across the UK, enabling Scotland’s police service to invest £23 million more in frontline services.
The same VAT exemption should also apply to Scotland’s Fire and Rescue Service.
DELIVERING HOME RULE FOR SCOTLAND
The SNP believes that decisions about Scotland’s future – about our economy and society – are best taken by the people of Scotland:
the more powers we have in Scotland the more we can achieve for the people who live here.
That is why we campaigned for a Scottish Parliament and voted for the Scotland Act 1998.
It is why we supported the limited extension of devolution in the Scotland Act 2012, and called for a far more substantial package of powers at that point.
The same principle underpins our continued support for independence and was at the heart of our campaign for a Yes vote in September 2014.
During the referendum, the parties campaigning for a No vote promised the people of Scotland substantial new powers for our parliament,
amounting to real Home Rule, maximum devolution and as close to federalism as was possible.
It is our intention to hold them to that promise and the more SNP MPs elected in May, the greater our ability to deliver the strong package of effective devolution that people in Scotland want and need to build a fairer and more prosperous country.
We welcome the proposals set out in the Smith Commission, as far as they go.
The further watering down of the agreed proposals, by the UK government, is unacceptable.
There should be no effective veto for UK ministers on the exercise of the various new powers,
in particular over the welfare system.
We share the view of many organisations across Scotland that the package, as it stands, does not enable us to deliver fully either the greater social justice
or the powerhouse economy that our country demands.
As the STUC has said, “there is not enough” in the Smith Commission recommendations “to empower the Scottish Parliament to tackle inequality in Scotland".
And, we agree with the Scottish Council of Voluntary Organisations (SCVO) “that anything less than wholesale devolution of welfare would be a real missed opportunity to meet the needs of the most vulnerable people in our communities”.
The Smith Commission proposals were, in many respects, a missed opportunity.
Decisions about more than 70 per cent of Scottish taxes and 85 per cent of current UK welfare spending in Scotland will stay at Westminster.
Instead of limited and unambitious proposals on tax powers, we should have a greater ability to generate economic growth,
deliver more employment opportunities
and support family incomes with the devolution of additional taxes.
Instead of leaving decisions on wages and employment with Westminster, devolving these key areas to Scotland means we could ensure that people in Scotland receive fair pay for a day’s work.
We could bring together, more effectively, skills development and employment support – enabling us to get more people into wellpaid and rewarding employment, closer to home.
And, instead of choices on most aspects of our welfare system remaining at Westminster, the full devolution of the welfare state would give us the ability to halt the cruelest and most damaging welfare changes and instead develop a system that supports people and families in their time of need.
It is only with the more extensive devolution of welfare, wages, taxation and the economy that we can deliver greater prosperity for more of our citizens and for Scotland as a whole.
Powers for a Purpose
Our focus, therefore, will be securing specific new economic and social powers, over and above those set out in the Smith Commission proposals,
so we can tailor policy to make much more of the country’s strengths and finally address the challenges that we face as a society.
Scotland should have the opportunity to establish its own constitutional framework, including human rights, equalities and the place of local government.
The Scottish Parliament should also have the ability to directly represent its interests on devolved matters in the EU and internationally.
With more meaningful tax powers, we could provide more incentives and support for businesses to invest in Scotland
and enter new markets overseas,
encouraging inward investment and boosting our international exports.
We could also use targeted changes in business tax allowances to encourage higher levels of investment in capital or Research & Development, and encourage the growth of SMEs.
Proper economic powers would enable a fully cohesive industrial strategy focused on strengthening manufacturing and boosting innovation, allowing us to revitalise Scotland’s industries and rebalance our economy.
Full control over social protection would allow the Scottish Parliament to tailor a new and fairer welfare system for Scotland.
For example, no Scottish Government would have introduced the Bedroom Tax in Scotland and, looking forward, we would be able to protect people from any future ideological attacks from Westminster on the very essence of our social security system.
Devolving employment policy would allow us to take progressive action on low pay in order to tackle poverty and inequality,
with the power to raise the minimum wage, regardless of the political balance at Westminster
and we could more closely integrate skills and employment policy to support people in their search for rewarding work.
Securing Home Rule
We will use the influence of SNP votes at Westminster to ensure that the promises made to Scotland during the referendum are delivered.
We will demand, firstly, that the proposals of the Smith Commission are delivered quickly and in full.
However, we believe that the proposals of the Smith Commission do not go far enough to honour the promises made during the referendum.
We will seek agreement that the Scottish Parliament should move to full financial responsibility.
As implementation of the Calman Commission proposals and the Scotland Act 2012 have demonstrated, the transition to full fiscal responsibility and agreement of the detailed fiscal framework that would require to underpin it would take a number of years to complete.
SNP MPs will work with the Scottish Government to secure the best deal for Scotland in these negotiations.
In the meantime, we will prioritise devolution of powers over employment policy, including the minimum wage,
welfare,
business taxes, national insurance
and equality policy
the powers we need to create jobs,
grow revenues
and lift people out of poverty.
As we set out in our submission to the Smith Commission, the Barnett Formula should continue to be used to determine Scotland's resources during the transition to full fiscal responsibility and for as long as the Scottish Parliament's financial powers fall short of full responsibility.
SCOTLAND’S OPPORTUNITY
This General Election is an exciting opportunity for Scotland to have real power at Westminster.
The SNP goes into this election with a clear message none of us can afford more austerity//.
Our NHS, our economy and our children can't afford the billions of pounds of additional cuts that the Tories, Labour and Liberals have signed up to.
And none of us can afford the £100 billion they plan to spend on new nuclear weapons.
The Westminster parties have the wrong priorities.
And it will be ordinary people across the UK who will pay the price.
Unless you choose differently.
Labour alone won't be bold enough to deliver the change ordinary people need.
A big team of SNP MPs can force the pace of progressive change.
We offer an alternative.
A responsible plan for modest spending increases
and real investment in the NHS, housing, childcare
and jobs.
An SNP vote on May 7th will be a vote to make Scotland's voice heard loudly and clearly.
But ours will also be a voice for a new, better and more progressive politics at Westminster for everyone.
