Changing Britain for good  Introduction.  This manifesto does not promise good times just around the corner.  It does not avoid difficult questions out of fear of unpopularity.  It simply tells the truth; the truth about what Liberal Democrats believe has to be done in order for Britain to succeed.  If you want Britain to stay the same then you probably won't like this manifesto.  But if you want real change, if you long for a better future for yourself, your family, your community and your country, then read on.  Britain has a clear choice at this election.  We can stay much as we are, in the same old muddle, with difficult decisions postponed.  Our failure to adjust to the modern world will then become ever more serious.  We will lag further behind in creating and sharing wealth. More and more people will lose their  jobs and homes. Our environment will go on deteriorating. Our public services, already second  rate, will become even worse. We shall fail to get the best out of the European Community,  because our leaders will continue to be afraid to tell us that shared success in the Community  means sharing sovereignty too. Our system of politics will continue to foster confrontation and  short-term thinking, and exclude ordinary citizens from the business of government. This  manifesto offers a different choice for Britain. Liberal Democrats do not believe that our  country's under-performance has to be accepted. Another forty years of failed government is  not inevitable. Britain has many advantages: a wealth of natural resources; a long history of  engagement with the rest of the world; a mature and inventive people who value tolerance and  freedom. But Britain will only succeed when its political leaders start treating voters as  informed citizens with shared concerns, not as ignorant consumers to be manipulated. Now is  the time for change. That is why in this manifesto we set out a clear analysis of Britain's  problems and our proposals for putting them right. Above all, Liberal Democrats will trust our  fellow citizens with the truth. So this manifesto is different from others you may read. We do  not shrink from the real choices for our country. We are not afraid to say what needs to be  said. We are not afraid to do what needs to be done. And we are clear that if we want to make  a modern Britain, we must first change Britain. Contents. What Liberal Democrats stand for.  Britain's balance sheet. The economic balance sheet. The environmental balance sheet. The  educational balance sheet. The social balance sheet. Policies for the new century: the first  steps. Britain prosperity: public investment; private enterprise. Turning Britain around.  Making Britain competitive. Promoting enterprise. Creating long-term prosperity. Changing  the economy for good. Britain's environment: environmental protection and conservation.  Protecting our heritage. Controlling pollution. Conserving energy. Making transport clean and  efficient. Building a sustainable economy. Reviving rural communities. Britain's skills:  excellence for all. Aiming high; raising standards. Putting education at the heart of the  community. Educating the individual. Opening the doors to higher education. Britain's people:  healthier, safer and better housed. Guaranteeing high-quality health care. Providing good  housing. Protecting the community. Ensuring a decent income for all. Widening horizons:  investing in the arts. Encouraging a fit, active and healthy society. Britain's partners: European  partnership for the new century. Making Britain's European Presidency work. Building a  citizens' Europe. Creating a new democracy in Europe. Sharing security; working for peace.  Developing global prosperity. Britain's democracy. Fair voting for an effective Parliament.  Bringing power to the people. Strengthening local government. Ensuring citizens' rights and  opportunities. Working for peace: Northern Ireland. Our pledge. What Liberal Democrats  stand for. Liberal Democrats put people first. We aim to create a society in which all men and  women can realise their full potential and shape their own successes. We believe that if we  could liberate this wealth of talent we would transform our economy and create a shared  society of which we should all be proud. Liberal Democrats know that this cannot be achieved  without fundamental reform. We must change our political system to give the citizen more  power and the government less; our economic system to confer power on consumers and to  provide employees with a share in the wealth they create; our public services to guarantee  choice and dignity to each of us; and our education system to equip us better for the modern  world. Liberal Democrats recognise the importance of the things we own in private but we  also know the value of what we hold in common. We believe that people are at their best as  members of communities, where they care about each other and for those less fortunate than  themselves. So our policies are designed to strengthen communities, tackle crime and poverty,  build up the common wealth and improve the shared quality of life. In the economic sphere we  know that the free market is the best guarantee of responsiveness to choice and change. But  we believe the market should be our servant not our master. So we see the role of government  as crucial in making the market work properly, by creating the conditions for success,  promoting competition, breaking up monopolies and spreading information. And government  has to be ready to make the investments which private enterprise will not, whether in  transport, education or public works. Liberal Democrats know that we have a duty, not only  to each other but to the generations which follow us, to protect the environment. We believe  that this is best achieved not by making people poorer or less free but by building true  environmental costs into the market so as to reward those who conserve and penalise those  who pollute. Liberal Democrats are uncompromisingly internationalist. We know that there is  a limit to what Britain can achieve alone and we are committed to building in the wider world  the sort of society we strive for at home, founded on mutual cooperation, political liberty and  shared prosperity. We have long been committed Europeans, believing that Britain can only be  secure, successful and environmentally safe if we play our full part in building a more united  and democratic Europe. Globally, Liberal Democrats will work to strengthen international  cooperation. We reject outdated notions of national sovereignty, believing they now stand in  the way of common action to deal with the scourges of disease and hunger, the deterioration  of the Earth's environment and the continuing dangers of the post-Cold War world. We  believe that all government, whether local, national, or increasingly European, should be  bound by the rights of the individual and should be fully accountable. Because Liberal  Democrats alone understand that we shall not change Britain's future unless and until we  change Britain's electoral system, we are committed to electoral and constitutional reform. We  shall not rest until the government of Britain fully belongs to the citizens it is there to serve.  Britain's balance sheet. In drawing up this manifesto, we have begun from where Britain is  today. Like any good auditor, we have been realistic about national achievements and failures,  about opportunities and problems. The result is a balance sheet which shows our country's  strengths and weaknesses. Despite some points of promise and potential, Britain's balance  sheet shows how much still needs to be done. The following pages reveal the extent to which,  in the economy, in the environment, in education, and in local services, successive British  governments have failed to realise the opportunities of the past decades. Although there are  bright spots, the general picture is one of relative decline in relation to other advanced  democracies. Forty years of failure are the result not only of misjudged policies from both  Conservative and Labour Governments. Even more crucially, they are the product of an  outdated political system which has consistently sacrificed the long term to the short term and  abandoned principles for expediency. The Economic Balance Sheet. UK exports. UK exports  in 1991: œ103,804m. But imports have grown even more, to œ113,770 million. The balance of  trade has been negative since 1982, and in 1979 hit a record œ24 billion. Industrial relations.  Although industrial relations, as measured by strikes, have improved, there has still been  relatively little progress towards involving employees in the success of their enterprises -  through profit-sharing, share ownership and structures of participation. Positives. 1 In some  ways, British industry is thriving. In 1991, UK exports climbed to a record level of œ103,804  million. 2 Industrial relations have improved markedly since the 1970s. Trade unions have  become more responsible and democratic. Days lost though strikes fell from more than 29  million in 1979 to under a million in the year to October 1991. 3 The excessively high  income-tax rates inherited from the last Labour Government have been brought down - from a  top rate of 83% in 1979 to 40% in 1992. Negatives. 1 Unemployment has been the most  obvious cost of the current recession. The latest figures show 2,604,100 out of work. The  number unemployed for more than six months has doubled in the last year. 2 The recession is  biting deeply into industry. Business bankruptcies have jumped from 28,935 in 1990 to 47,777  in 1991. 3 High interest rates are throttling the chances of economic recovery. British  three-month rates stood at 10_7% in February, compared with 9_5% in Germany 5_3% in  Japan and 4_3% in the US. 4 Britain is failing to invest for the long term. Investment in  manufacturing industry fell from œ3_1 billion in the first quarter of 1990 to œ2_5 billion in the  last quarter of 1991. 5 This failure to invest for the long term can be seen also in innovation,  the development of new ideas and products. In 1984-88 only 3_4% of patents granted in the  US to other nationals went to Britons (3_7% in 1979-83). By comparison, France had grown  from 3_9% to 3_4%, and Japan managed 18_8% (against 12_9% in the earlier period). 6  Britain's record of economic growth is very poor. the UK economy contracted by 2_2% in  1991 - the biggest annual fall since the 1930s - while Italy's grew by 1_3% and Germany's by  1_9%. 7 Conservative management of the economy has stoked the biggest credit boom in  Britain's history. Average personal debt as a proportion of disposable household income  mushroomed from 57% in 1980 to 114% in 1990. 8 Conservative taxation policies may have  reduced high marginal income-tax rates, but it was the rich who benefited, not the country as a  whole. From the beginning to the end of the 1980s, take-home pay rose by 41_4% for those  on 11/2% times the national average, by 37% for those on the national average and by only  32% for those on half the average. [Short-term management of the economy has meant that  governments manipulate interest rates to ensure re-election, rather than with the long term  interests of the economy in mind. Interest rates fell before each of the last two general  elections, only to rise again afterwards.] [This decline is not just a feature of the current  recession. From 1979 to 1983 the annual level of manufacturing investment fell by 33%. It  recovered to its 1979 level only in 1988.] The Environmental Balance Sheet. Renewable  energy generation. 45% of electricity demand could be met from wind power. UN fact: the  amount of electricity produced by renewable energy sources in the UK has steadily declined  over the last five years. While France produces almost 20% of its energy from renewable  sources the UK manages only 1_3%. Unleaded petrol. As in so many environmental matters,  Britain was late in introducing tax differentials for unleaded fuel. In 1989, sales of unleaded  fuel in Germany were more than double those in the UK. Positives. 1 Britain has a massive  advantage in natural resources that give it the potential to be at the forefront of renewable  energy generation. Government estimates show that up to 45% of electricity demand could be  met from wind power. 2 Government action can significantly affect standards of environmental  protection. The market share of unleaded petrol rose from 1_1% to 43_0% between August  1988 and November 1991, due to widening tax differentials. 3 Britain has a positive record on  protecting its countryside. More of our land is protected in National Parks than any other EC  member, and one more has recently been announced, in the New Forest. Negatives. 1 In too  many ways Britain unfortunately deserves its nickname of The Dirty Man of Europe. Carbon  dioxide emissions - the main source of global warming - increased in the UK from 525 million  tonnes in 1986 to 530 million in 1989. 2 The UK produces more sulphur dioxide, the main  cause of acid rain, than any other EC member, but is only now beginning to install  pollution-control devices to power stations. Germany started in 1984. 3 Prosecutions for  water pollution more than doubled between 1981 and 1988, while an additional 40 beaches  were found not to be complying with EC standards in 1990 - making a total of 20% of all  British beaches. 4 The Government has failed to invest in the development of renewable  energy sources - despite the fact that they avoid the pollution problems associated with coal,  oil and gas. Currently, just over œ20 million is spent annually on renewable energy research  and development, compared to more than œ200 million a year on nuclear power. 5 Even  worse, the Government has cut the budget of the Energy Efficiency Office, while investment in  energy conservation would save money and reduce pollution. The 1990-91 level of funding, a  meagre œ23 million, is lower than it was four years before. 6 Pollution from road transport has  risen from 884 million tonnes of nitrogen oxides in 1980 to 1,298 million tonnes in 1989. 7 At  the same time, the proportion of freight carried on the railways between 1980 and 1990  dropped from 9% to 7%, while the proportion using road transport rose to 83%. 8 Rail  transport is placed at a disadvantage in Britain. Levels of government support for the railways  fell throughout the 1980s, from œ1262 million in 1980-81 to œ462 million in 1990-91. The UN  estimates that a reduction in carbon dioxide emissions of 20% by 2005 will be necessary to  avoid potentially disastrous effects of global warming. Yet the Government has committed  Britain merely to stabilise emissions by 2005 - well behind the majority of EC countries.  Congestion on the roads costs an estimated œ15 billion a year, yet the Government continues  to do nothing to curb the rate of growth of car use - estimated at 142% between 1990 and  2005. The Educational Balance Sheet. The retention rate, however, is very bad. More than  half the country's qualified teachers left the profession. In recent years, the pupil-teacher ratio  has turned up once again - from 16_9 in 1990 to 17_2 in 1991. Positives. 1 In some ways  educational standards are improving. The number of teachers in nursery and primary education  grew from 176,228 in 1986 to 193,516 in 1991. 2 Similarly, pupil-teacher ratios fell from  18_2 in 1980-81 to 16_9 in `1990- 91. 3 Some of the Government's changes have been for the  better. The idea of Local Management of Schools has, in some places, produced school  management of imagination and quality. Negatives. 1 Overall, government funding of  education is inadequate. The proportion of Britain's gross domestic product devoted to  education fell from 5_6% in 1981- 82 to 5_0% in 1990-91. 2 The number of secondary school  teachers fell from 224,618 in 1986 to 198,030 in 1991. 3 There has been a serious decline in  the number of people qualifies as teachers., down from 25,000 in 1980 to 18,500 in 1988. The  Government is planning further cuts in teacher-training facilities. 4 British children lose out in  critical areas of education. The proportion of children in pre-compulsory education in 1987-88  was a mere 3_6% compared to 13_5% in Germany, 17_0% in Belgium and 18_4% in France.  5 Compared to our competitors, not enough of our young people stay on in post-compulsory  education. The proportion of 16-18 year olds in full-time education or training was 35% in  Britain in 1988, compared with 47% in Germany, 66% in France and 79% in the USA. 6  Investment in scientific research and development has fallen from 0_35% to 0_28% (while in  Germany it stands at 0_40%), not only affecting our higher education system but creating a  knock-on effect throughout the British economy. Funding. 1981-1982 5_6% 1990-1991 5%  In the same year, France invested 5_7% of GDP, the US 6_7% and Ireland 7_1%. Fall in  teachers qualifying. 1980 25,000 1988 18,500. The Government has been quite happy to  invest when it suit its own ideological ends. Pupils in opted-out schools are funded at an  average of four time the level of LEA pupils. The Social Balance Sheet. Home ownership  1981 55_8% 1991 67_3%. Government help has been directed to home owners at the expense  of others. Investment in local authority housing has collapsed and no help is available to the  private rented sector. Police Expenditure on the police has risen by 55% since 1978-79.  Insufficient effort, though, has been devoted to making sure policemen are on the beat. A  more visible police presence in communities is essential to combat both crime and the fear of  crime. Positives. 1 Overall, British standards of health are improving. Life expectancy for men  rose from 70_8 years in 1981 to 73_2 years in 1991, and for women from 76_8 to 78_8 years.  2 Home ownership in Britain rose from 55_8% of households in 1981 to 67_3% in 1991. 3  The size of the police establishment has increased by 15% since 1978-79. Expenditure on the  police rose by 55% in real terms over the same period, and police pay showed a 29% real rise.  Negatives. 1 While the NHS hospital sector's real purchasing power grew by 15_6% between  1980-81 and 1990-91, expenditure requirements (due to demographic change and the rising  costs of medical technology) in fact increased by 21_3%. 2 The total number of people  waiting for NHS treatment in the UK rose to more than one million in March 1990. 25% of  inpatients wait for longer than a year for treatment. 3 The number of sight tests has fallen by  21% since the introduction of charges in 1988. 4 The Government has withdrawn funding for  new house building, and refused to allow councils to spend the receipts they have gained from  new home owners. As a result, the amount of local authority housing built has fallen from  more than 65,300 homes in 1979 to a mere 8,600 in 1990. 5 The number of people accepted  by local authorities as homeless rose from 70,000 in 1979 to almost 170,000 in 1990 - and this  does not include the single homeless. 6 With the massive expansion of mortgage lending and  the subsequent use of interest rates to bring down inflation, the number of mortgages over 12  months in arrears rose from 59,600 in June 1991 to 91,740 by the end of the year. The number  of properties repossessed rose by 74% over the 1990 figure to 75,540 in 1991. 7 Outcomes  have failed disastrously to match the input of additional resources to law and order. Recorded  rated of notifies crime have increased year on year by 5_5% on average, and by a massive 16%  in 1990-91. 8 At the same time, crime clear-up rates have declined by 32%. 9 Britain has  proportionally the largest prison population of any Community country - and we also have  more prisoners serving life sentences than the rest of the EC combined. The cumulative  shortfall in the hospital and community health services sector in England alone now stands at  œ4_44 billion. Not only is imprisonment of doubtful value for many offenders, it is also  extremely expensive. Better value for money would result from less use of custody for many  classes of offender. Policies for the new century. It is clear from our analysis of Britain's  balance sheet that Britain needs change. Here are our first steps, the key measures which we  believe must be taken straight away if we are to break the cycle of Britain's decline, unlock the  full scope of Britain's potential and pave the way to future success. The First Steps. Britain's  political institutions need thorough-going reform: stable and representative government,  elected Parliaments in Scotland and Wales, decentralisation of power to the English regions  and to local government, freedom of information and a Bill of Rights. As the essential measure  to secure and entrench lasting reform we will introduce fair votes by proportional  representation for Parliamentary elections. In the middle of the recession, the economy needs  new impetus not a tax cut. We will immediately introduce an emergency programme of  investment in the infrastructure and in public works in order to get companies and people back  to work, thus reducing unemployment by 600,000 over the next two years. Lower inflation  and a stable climate for industry to plan and prosper will lead to long-term prosperity. We will  give the Bank of England independent responsibility for monetary policy, with a requirement  to promote price stability. We will put the pound into the narrow band of the Exchange Rate  Mechanism. Environmental priorities must be built into all economic decision-making,  ensuring that economic success goes hand in hand with environmental responsibility. We will  introduce new environmental incentives. The skills and capabilities of the British people must  be adequate to meet the challenges of the new century. We will increase investment in  education by œ2 billion, funding this by an increase of 1p on income tax. Older people deserve  greater security. We will protect private pensions, and increase the basic state pension, making  it payable as of right without means testing. Britain's future must be safeguarded by active  membership of a European Community which is united and democratic and in which decisions  are taken as close to the people as possible. We will take decisive steps towards the economic,  monetary and political union of a democratic Europe. Only when these key steps have been  taken will government and individuals alike be able to plan for the long term, instead of  focusing on the short term and the next election. The balance of this manifesto sets out the  Liberal Democrat vision of the future: our long-term programme for government. The detailed  costing and revenue-raising effects of our proposals are contained in a separate supplement. 1  Britain's prosperity: public investment; private enterprise. Liberal Democrats aim to encourage  a competitive and enterprising economy which is environmentally sustainable, founded on  partnership and advanced skills and closely integrated with Europe. What the economy needs  is a new impetus. The Government's proposed tax cut will not achieve this. Only new  investment will provide the kick-start needed to escape from recession and reduce the waste of  talent and energy which results from unemployment. But Liberal Democrats also recognise  Britain's long-term needs. We are committed to the free market, to free trade and to the  creation of a competitive and enterprising economy. We do not believe it is government's job  to run business - people do that much better. We see government's role as enabling firms and  entrepreneurs to have the best possible chance. That means encouraging competition,  investing in skills, involving employees in the success of their companies, nurturing small  businesses, playing a positive part in the construction of the new European economy and,  above all, bringing greater stability to national economic management. Our long-term aim is to  shift the burden of taxation away from the things the country needs more of - income, savings  and value added - and on to the things we want less of, such as pollution and resource  depletion. Turning Britain round. The current recession is undermining Britain's  competitiveness and future success. Unemployment and business closures lead to a wastage of  talent and a loss of resources. At the same time, essential investment in our country's future, in  infrastructure, in education and training and in innovation, is being neglected. Liberal  Democrats will introduce an emergency programme of investment to end the slump. We will  immediately put in hand a major programme of public capital investment, funded by reversing  the Tory tax cut together with a prudent increase in borrowing. This, combined with a freeze  in business rates and new investment in education to increase the nation's skills, will kick-start  recovery and create jobs. We will: Attack unemployment by creating new employment  opportunities. Our emergency programme should reduce unemployment by at least 600,000  over two years. We will increase spending on public transport, housing, hospitals and schools,  on energy efficiency and conservation projects and on education and training - all sensible  investments for the country's future. We will aim to guarantee everyone out of work for six  months or more a place on either a high quality training programme or on a work programme  with a strong element of training. Invest in infrastructure. We will provide support for  transport infrastructure, including a dedicated high-speed rail link from the Channel Tunnel to  connect with the major routes to the North and West of Britain, and the extension of  electrification throughout the country. We will encourage the expansion of airports outside the  South East. Freeze business rates this year, thus effectively reducing them in real terms, a  larger reduction than that promised by the Government. Create a training incentive for firms  through the introduction of a levy equal to 2% of payroll, from which they would deduct their  expenditure on training. We will require employers to release their employees aged under 19  for a minimum of two days a week further education and/or training for nationally recognised  qualifications. We will establish a fully integrated system of skills training, leading to  recognised qualifications for a broad range of skills. We will increase 'access' courses for  mature students and retraining for women returners and those in mid-career. We will fund  crash courses in the main areas of skill shortage, aimed in particular at the long-term  unemployed. Invest in local economies. We will set up and fund new regional development  and local enterprise agencies. We will encourage TECs to become strong, locally based,  employer-led organisations providing business services, acting as an effective voice for  business at local level, and overseeing training of those in employment. We will encourage  decentralisation of banks and other financial institutions. We will end the present  Government/s policy of clawing back from local authorities amounts equivalent to those they  receive from the European Community's regional development fund. Invest in research,  innovation and design. We will increase immediately the government science budget to 0_35%  of GDP and raise it steadily thereafter. We will establish regional technology transfer centres  to bring together the resources of industry, colleges, and government labs. We will encourage  industry to invest in innovation and to improve the provision of seedcorn capital. We will  reverse cuts in design consultancy schemes and provide additional funding for the Design  Council. Making Britain competitive. A climate of enterprise and competition is vital if British  industry and products are to compete effectively in overseas markets. Yet the current  Government has concentrated instead on converting public into private monopolies. We will:  Stimulate competition. We will take tough action against monopolies, mergers and financial  raids. The Monopolies and Mergers Commission will be combined with the Office of Fair  Trading and made independent of government, increasing its effectiveness. We will introduce a  Restrictive Practices Act to penalise anti-competitive behaviour and end price-fixing by  cartels. We will encourage greater competition in the banking sector. Break up monopolies.  We will break up the monopoly providers of services such as British Telecom and British Gas.  We will permit access by private operators to the British Rail track network. We will liberalise  the coal industry by transferring ownership of coal reserves to the Crown (in line with other  minerals), and issuing licences to operate pits to other groups, as well as British Coal. Promote  consumer rights. We will take the lead within the EC to ensure that all products come with  accurate, full and simple product and service information. We will give consumer watchdogs,  including the regulators and trading standards departments, greater powers, and improve  redress for inadequate goods and services. Encourage decentralised wage bargaining. Our  plans to spread employee ownership and participation will encourage wages to be set  according to the profitability of individual firms rather than to some national 'going rate'. In  addition, we will encourage moves towards greater decentralisation of wage bargaining at  company level and, in the longer term as national and regional government develops, in the  public sector. Promoting enterprise. Government needs to provide an immediate impetus to  get the economy moving. But long-term private investment in the production of high-quality  tradable goods and services is essential for long-term success. This will only be possible if we  encourage a climate of investment, enterprise and partnership. We will: Reform taxation to  increase investment. We will increase investment substantially in schemes such as SMART to  encourage innovation in industry, particularly in small and medium-sized enterprises, especially  those involved in manufacturing. We will reform corporation tax and the taxation of savings to  achieve even treatment for different forms of savings. This will reduce the current tax penalties  on investment in industry. Encourage a long-term approach to private investment. We will  reverse the burden of proof for acquisitions away from the target company towards the  predator, and require companies to ballot their shareholders on bid plans. We will reform  company law to require greater disclosure of information such as expenditure on research and  development. We will define the responsibilities of non-executive directors and insist that all  publicly quoted companies have them on their boards. [Serving customers Many financial  institutions, and particularly some of the high-street banks, have a poor record of customer  service, for individuals and businesses. It is still far too common to see charges applied to  accounts, or interest rates changed, without customers being fully informed, and to see new  types of accounts opened without existing customers being told that they benefit from them.  Banks which are to their customers will be good for the economy. We will ensure that  commercial borrowers are entitled to a full contract specifying the terms, conditions and  duration of the services provided. We will introduce rights for customers of all financial  institutions, ensuring they are fully informed when changes are made which do or might affect  them.] Encourage small businesses and the self-employed, and ensure a 'level playing field' for  them in competing with their larger counterparts. This will include relieving the administrative  burden on small businesses, legislating to make interest payable on overdue debt, and  encouraging TECs, chambers of commerce and local enterprise agencies to reorganise to form  a network of business-led 'one-stop shops'. We will encourage, and if necessary legislate for,  banks to treat small businesses fairly by agreeing contracts for services. Encourage flexibility  in working patterns, including part-time and flexi-time work, job-sharing and home working,  adequate backup for carers of the young or old, and access to appropriate training. We will  encourage a new system of tax-free child-care vouchers for parents of children under five,  given by employers and usable in workplace, local authority and private nurseries and for  individual qualified carers. Share success in industry. We will legislate to establish the right of  every private sector employee in a substantial company to have access to a share in ownership  and/or in the profits they help to create. We will encourage profit-related pay, employee  share-ownership schemes and employee buy-outs. We will relaunch the Co-operative  Development Agency. Build partnership in industry. We will ensure that every employee has a  right to participate in decision-making in their enterprise. We will set up a new Industrial  Partnership Agency to help companies and their employees find the precise forms of  partnership which best suit them. Creating long term prosperity. We will change the ways in  which economic policy is made and implemented, to bring greater stability and a sensible  framework to economic management - ending the present 'boom, bust' approach. This requires  fuller integration with the European Community. Our key changes are: Establishing an  operationally independent Bank of England to become the Central Bank of the UK, to ensure  disciplined economic management, to end political manipulation of the economy and to form  the rock upon which a long-term anti-inflationary strategy can be built. This will also help  progress towards an independent European Central Bank. Moving sterling to the narrow band  of the European Exchange Rate Mechanism as soon as possible, helping stable progress  towards lower interest rates. Taxes and public spending to be set to reach a 'saving target' for  the nation over a period of years. We will set a target as a total of private- and public-sector  savings, and adjust fiscal policy to achieve the target over the medium term. If the country  does not save enough to achieve the target, we will alter taxes and public spending  accordingly, to ensure adequate long-term investment and keep the economy developing in a  non-inflationary way. We will encourage individual savings by giving tax relief on all income  paid into new Registered Savings Accounts. Reform of the annual Budget. We will publish a  draft Budget four months before the final version, to promote open discussion of economic  and taxation policy. This will facilitate the integration of spending and revenue-raising, a  measure we have long advocated. This will also make it easier to measure the impact of  economic policy on the environment. We will establish an independent National Statistical  Commission to collect and publish statistics and improve their quality. Working towards  European economic and monetary union, including the establishment of an independent  European Central Bank and a single European currency. We will renounce the Conservatives'  Maastricht 'opt-out' clause, accept the time tabled approach to EMU, and renegotiate the  Social Chapter with a positive British input. Changing the economy for good. Liberal  Democrats recognise that if we are to improve Britain's disappointing economic performance  we have to change the governmental system which produces it. Our proposals for electoral  and constitutional reform are a prerequisite for better economic performance. Proportional  representation will produce greater stability in government, ending the economic disruption  caused by sudden sharp swings in government policies before and after elections. Home rule  and decentralisation will ensure that economic power and prosperity is spread throughout  Britain. Integration within Europe will create the framework for long-term economic strength.  Freedom of information legislation and open government will improve competition and  encourage informed debate. A written constitution will ensure that politicians can no longer  ignore long-term priorities for short-term expediency and political advantage. [Child care  vouchers Britain seriously lags behind its continental neighbours in provision for child care for  working parents. This not only unfairly impedes opportunity for the people concerned, It holds  back the contribution to the economy of many highly skilled workers. We will encourage the  introduction of a system of child care vouchers, provided by employers to parents with  children under school age. They will be usable to pay for child care in a range of places -  workplace, local authority or private nurseries, play groups or by individual qualified carers.  The parent will choose, topping up the value if they wish. Child care vouchers will be  deductible expenses for the employers and tax free for the parents. Self-employed people will  be able to purchase vouchers and receive similar tax advantages. In due course the principle  could be extended to cover child care for older children.] 2 Britain's environment:  environmental protection and conservation. Liberal Democrats are determined to ensure that  Britain changes its ways so that it become a leader, not a laggard, in facing the environmental  challenge. Polluters will pay and conservers will be rewarded. Taxation will be gradually  shifted from the things we want more of income, savings and value added to the things we  want less of: pollution and resource depletion. The accelerating destruction of the environment  is one of the most serious challenges we face today. Its symptoms are becoming clearer with  every year, from global warming and holes in the ozone layer to poisoned rivers and polluted  air at home. They threaten not just our ability to enjoy our towns and countryside but our  health and our children's future. Liberal Democrats aim to cut pollution and clean up the local  environment. We aim to build a society that does not create wealth at the expense of the  environment. Our economy currently functions unsustainably, producing unacceptable levels  of pollution and rates of resource depletion. We will create new incentives to follow  environmentally sensitive strategies and behaviour. Protecting our heritage. Conserving and  enhancing the physical environment, countryside and townscape alike, is of crucial importance  to everyone's quality of life. Liberal Democrats will: Improve countryside protection policies  for National Parks, heritage coasts, areas of outstanding natural beauty, and sites of special  scientific interest. We will tighten controls against exploitation, we will create more National  Parks and we will improve access to the countryside. Introduce Countryside Management  Agreements for farmers and landowners who wish to take them up. These will be drawn up in  conjunction with local planning authorities with the aim of managing the countryside to  develop sustainable agriculture, safeguard plant and animal wildlife, and preserve traditional  landscape features, such as woods, hedgerows and dry-stone walls. Reform land use planning  so that the protection of the natural environment becomes a major feature of the planning  system. We will decentralise planning decisions as much as possible, giving a key role to the  local plan drawn up by the local authority. Clean up the cities. We will improve public  transport, reduce traffic congestion, and encourage pedestrianisation and cycling schemes. We  will encourage more parks, gardens and green spaces. We will provide more resources for  councils to deal with noise complaints and make compensation for excessive commercial noise  more widely available. Promote better waste management. We will provide grants for  recycling schemes, introduce regulations on the use of packaging materials, and encourage  local authorities to clean up litter. We will clean up beaches and coastlines by ensuring full  treatment of sewage. Improve standards of animal protection. We will set up an Animal  Protection Commission to enforce and recommend changes to legislation. We will phase out  battery cages and unacceptable systems of factory farming, tighten controls on the export of  live animals for slaughter, and establish a dog registration scheme. We will prohibit  experiments involving pain or distress for non- medical and non-veterinary purposes, promote  alternatives to the use of animals in research and education, and ensure that laws against  badger-baiting and dog-fighting are enforced. On hunting with hounds, Liberal Democrats as a  party have declared their opposition, but recognise, like the Conservative and Labour parties,  that legislation is a matter of conscience for each individual MP. Controlling Pollution. We  will use market mechanisms, where feasible, to reduce pollution by ensuring that  environmental costs and benefits are fed into the economy. Direct controls will still be needed  in some cases. We will: Set targets for cutting pollution. These include a 30% reduction in  carbon dioxide emissions from the UK by the year 2005; our energy policy is geared to this  target. We will ban the use of CFCs and halons by 1994. Introduce a system of tradable  emission licences. We will issue factories and power stations with licences setting a ceiling on  permitted emissions of pollutants such as sulphur dioxide. These will be tradable: those who  are most efficient at reducing pollution would have surplus licences which they could then sell  either to those less efficient, or back to government. The targets for emissions - and therefore  number of licences available - will be reduced year by year, leading to a steady fall in pollution.  Create a new Department of Natural Resources with sole responsibility for environmental  protection, leaving the Department of the Environment to cover local government and  housing. We will set up an independent and powerful Environmental Protection Agency to  work with the new European Environment Agency. Put forward plans for a powerful United  Nations Environment Programme to lead global efforts to protect the environment, operating  within the framework of an 'Earth Charter'. We wish to see a world market in tradable  emission licences for carbon dioxide and other pollutants. This would not only provide  incentives to cut pollution but also act as a channel for transferring resources to developing  countries. Conserving energy. Without an effective energy policy, government cannot have an  effective environment policy. Britain's national energy strategy must be set within an overall  European framework, with the aim of reducing pollution, improving energy efficiency and  boosting the use of renewables. We will: Support a Community-wide Energy Tax on all  energy sources. This will be related to levels of carbon dioxide emitted and will provide a  strong incentive for saving energy and investing in cleaner sources. Extra revenue raised  through the tax will be fed back into the economy by reducing other taxes such as VAT and by  protecting those least able to adapt to the higher price of energy. Invest in energy conservation  and efficiency. We will set new energy efficiency standards for homes, offices and factories,  and for products such as light bulbs, fridges and cookers. We will give grants for home  insulation and the installation of solar panels, and introduce energy audits of buildings. We will  encourage combined heat and power and district heating schemes. Double government  spending on renewable energy research. We will establish a Renewable Energy Office to  promote research, development and application, in particular of wave power, hot rocks  geothermal energy, passive solar design of buildings, small-scale hydropower schemes and  wind energy. We will complete the study on the construction of a Severn Barrage. Start to  phase out nuclear fission power stations, which are prohibitively expensive and potentially  hazardous. We aim to complete the phase-out at the latest by the year 2020 (and earlier if  feasible), and we will not proceed further with the construction of the Sizewell B PWR. We  will continue nuclear research, but at a lower cost. Reprocessing spent nuclear fuel rods  increases the volume of waste and should be undertaken only when necessary for safety  reasons. [We aim to build a society that does not create wealth at the expense of the  environment. We will create new incentives to follow environmentally sensitive strategies and  behaviour] [emissions] We will issue factories and power stations will licences setting a ceiling  on permitted emissions of pollutants. Air pollution index. Air pollution threatens the health of  millions of people - particularly children, elderly people and anyone with a respiratory  problem such asthma. Government monitoring stations measure levels of pollutants such as  nitrogen oxides or low level ozone but fail to publicise them widely. When levels exceed  World Health Organisation guidelines, the result is described as 'good' - in other countries it  would be called 'poor'. We will increase the number of monitoring stations, ensuring that all  major urban areas are covered. We will publish a regular air pollution index and encourage  newspapers and TV and radio weather forecasts to use it. This will increase public  consciousness of the pollution issue and prove of real benefit to the health of people. Making  transport clean and efficient. By expanding the provision and quality of public transport and  reducing society's dependence on the private car, we will improve travel efficiency and protect  the environment. We will achieve this by: Investment in public transport, increasing its  frequency of service, speed and safety, and reducing its cost to the individual - especially in  isolated rural areas where the need is greatest. We will encourage new schemes, using light  railways and trams in cities. We will require local authorities to define minimum standards of  accessibility in their areas and draw up transport plans which meet them. Immediate  improvements in the rail network, allowing more movement of goods and passengers by rail  and less environmental damage. We will construct a high-speed link from the Channel Tunnel  to connect with the major rail routes to the North and West, and extend electrification  throughout the country. We oppose the privatisation of British Rail, but will allow private  operators access to the rail network, while giving BR the freedom to raise investment capital  on the open market. A reduction in fuel consumption. All political parties accept that  long-term increases in petrol prices are not only environmentally necessary but unavoidable.  We will phase these in gradually by applying our Energy Tax to petrol, while at the same time  graduating Vehicle Excise Duty and Car Tax according to fuel efficiency - so that the most  efficient vehicles pay least. These price increases will not be brought in unless and until  compensation schemes for individuals and rural communities which have no alternative to the  use of cars are ready to be introduced. We will scrap the remaining tax breaks for company  cars and apply tougher limits to permitted emissions. Assisting people in rural areas by making  concessionary fares on local public transport. widely available. We will encourage the use of  village minibuses, 'post and passenger' buses and taxi services. People who have no  alternatives to private cars will be helped by our plans to graduate Vehicle Excise Duty and by  specific target measures to help isolated communities. Action against traffic congestion in  urban areas. We will encourage local authorities to introduce peak-hour bans on cars, traffic  calming measures, car-sharing schemes and further pedestrianisation. We will introduce a  variety of road-pricing schemes, in which motorists pay a premium to use highly congested  roads at busy times of the day. New priorities for road building. We will approve major  motorway or trunk road investments only where it can be demonstrated that alternative  transport provision cannot meet the need at lower economic and environmental cost. Essential  new roads and improvements will still proceed, but the creation of a 'level playing field' in  decision-making between rail and road will ensure some switch of passenger and freight  transport to the railways. The expansion of airports outside the South East, while at the same  time freezing further development at Heathrow, Gatwick and Stansted. Reversing the decline  in the Merchant Fleet. For economic and defence reasons, we will boost British shipping and  promote recruitment and training for the Merchant Navy. Environmental planning policies. We  will introduce planning policies which will encourage the building of homes near workplaces,  leisure facilities, shops and other services. Where this is not possible, public transport routes  must be easily accessible. We will encourage the use of information technology to decentralise  work. [Water District Discount According to the Government, water bills will rise by 50%  within the next few years. For many households (in, for example, Wales), water bills are now  higher than bills for all local government services put together. Since 1989 nearly a million  summonses have been issued to people who could not pay their water bills. At present water  companies have a Bulk Supply Discount for commercial customers - a 'wholesale price' for  their water. Liberal Democrats will alter the licensing conditions for water companies to  extend this to groups of domestic consumers who live on large estates and in sheltered  housing complexes. This District Discount will keep down bills for elderly people and many  low income inner city residents living on large estates.] Building a sustainable economy.  Liberal Democrats aim to build an economy which is not only competitive and enterprising but  also environmentally sustainable, leaving future generations a wealth inheritance - of  knowledge, technology, capital and environmental assets - at least as great as that inherited by  the current generation. Our proposals are: A better method of measuring economic progress.  The conventional target of growth in GDP is a poor indicator of progress. We will modify  GDP by incorporating measurements of pollution and resource depletion to create a figure for  sustainable national income. We will also use indicators of social and personal quality of life  such as changes in life expectancy, literacy rates and educational attainments to give a better  measure of progress. The Prime Minister will present an annual report on changes in these  indicators to Parliament. A system of environmental incentives and penalties. We will make  available grants and subsidies for environmentally friendly activities, such as home insulation,  and to help individuals and industry adjust to our new stricter standards for pollution control.  We will penalise activities which harm the environment or deplete stocks of raw materials  through taxation, so that prices reflect the damage they do. Our new Energy Tax is this  manifesto's key proposal in this area. The revenue raised will be used to reduce other taxes  such as VAT. Enable consumers to identify and choose sustainable products. We will  introduce new product labels, showing information such as energy consumption during use  and the environmental impact of the production process. We will introduce strict standards of  life expectancy for consumer durables and encourage deposit-refund schemes. We will  improve recycling and waste-disposal systems. We will encourage environmental audits for  companies, showing the environmental impact of their activities. Reviving rural communities.  Our policy for the countryside aims both to protect Britain's natural environment and to  recreate success in one of Britain's greatest industries/ agriculture. The farming industry is  passing through a period of profound change; most farmers recognise that the industry must  achieve a better balance with the market and the environment. We will help this transition by:  Working for fundamental reform of the Common Agricultural Policy. We want to ease the  adjustment from the present price support mechanism towards market prices and direct  support aimed at assisting the farming industry in transition and at environmental and social  goals. These will be funded by savings made out of the present intervention mechanisms of the  CAP. New incentive payments for environmental objectives, in particular for extensifying food  production (using land less intensively), and reduced-input and organic farming. Countryside  Management Agreements, described above, will be a key feature in this shift of CAP resources  from price support to environmental goals. Reformed systems of direct support, aimed in  particular at helping family farms and crofts. Introducing renewable limited-term tenancies for  agricultural land, encouraging new entrants to farming. We will encourage local councils to  continue to provide smallholdings and to introduce part-time holdings for new entrants.  Expanding forestry. We support the long-term aim of doubling the area of the UK under  forestry, but this must include a higher proportion of broad-leafed hardwoods. We oppose the  privatisation of the Forestry Commission. We will create more community forests near large  towns. Encouraging fishing and fish farming. We will improve the Government's  decommissioning proposals and appraise, with the industry, effective technical conservation  measures. We should move towards fisheries licensing and management on a more regional  basis to help traditional fishing communities and protect those who fish sustainably, such as  mackerel handliners. We will transfer full planning responsibility for fish farming to local  authorities, and we will increase research into the environmental aspects of fish farming and  diversification. We will work with the EC to counter the dumping of stocks into the  Community. The extension of Rural Development Agencies. These will be responsible for  co-ordinating development and diversification, in partnership with local authorities, the private  and voluntary sectors and local communities. Tougher action on food safety. We will transfer  responsibility for food standards from the Ministry of Agriculture to a new Food and Drugs  Commission. We will bring in much tighter labelling requirements for all foods, and make  funding available for food research and scientific establishments. We will improve consumer  representation on government advisory committees. [Our policy for the countryside aims both  to protect Britain's natural environment and to recreate success in one of Britain's greatest  industries, agriculture.] 3 Britain's skills: excellence for all. Britain's citizens are our greatest  asset. Liberal Democrats will invest in people to enable every individual to fulfil their potential,  and, in so doing, build the nation's economic and social strength. We aim to create a first-class  education system for all, not just by providing adequate public funding, but also through  reforms which increase choice and opportunity for each citizen. Liberal Democrats start from  the belief that every individual, whatever their age, sex, background or ability, possesses a  unique potential and a valuable contribution to offer society. Our target is excellence for all.  This requires more relevant courses, higher standards and improved provision. Excellence also  has a cost. We will guarantee that Liberal Democrats will increase investment in education by  œ2 billion in the first year, even though this will require an extra penny in the pound on income  tax. Our priorities for investment are pre-school education, education and training for 16-19  year olds, and adult education Aiming high; raising standards. Our aim is simple - to give  Britain a world-class education system, in which high quality is the key, by the year 2000. We  will: Create the framework for high standards by establishing a single Department of  Education and Training with oversight of all education and training. We will set up a National  Qualifications Council to co-ordinate a single system of academic and vocational courses for  14-19 year olds, and a new Higher Education Standards Council to monitor quality in higher  education. Improve inspections. We will ensure that a fully independent HM Inspectorate of  Education and Training, properly staffed and funded, reports on the entire range of public and  private provision from pre-school education to universities. Local inspectors of schools will be  answerable to the Inspectorate, which will also have a new role as Education Ombudsman. We  will carry out a School Buildings Audit alongside the regular four-yearly local school  inspection, to assess the physical state of schools and equipment. We will reinstate the  buildings standards suspended in 1989. Support teachers. We will set up a statutory General  Teaching Council to improve professional qualifications and set standards for teacher training  and retraining. We will improve provision for in-service training and career breaks for women  teachers with children. We supported the introduction of the Teachers' Pay Review Body and  believe it will ensure that teachers are properly rewarded. Putting education at the heart of the  community. Liberal Democrats pioneered Local Management of Schools. Now we aim to  increase further the day-to-day independence of schools and colleges within a democratically  accountable framework of local education authorities. This includes: A new independence for  schools and further education colleges. We will give schools increased administrative support  in return for the wider opening of their facilities to the local community. We will fully fund  individual teacher costs. We will encourage every school to enhance its character, ethos and  areas of special interest within a more flexible National Curriculum framework. Within this  context of greater freedom for all schools, we will end the two-tier system created by Grant  Maintained Schools and City Technology Colleges by returning them to the strategic planning  framework of the local elected education authority. Strategic responsibility for adult and  further education will remain with the LEA. LEA representatives on school governing bodies  will reflect fairly the political balance of the authority. [Opening schools to the community  Schools should be seen as a valuable resource, not just for their pupils but to the communities  around them. Access to their believe libraries, computers, meetings rooms, sports halls,  playing fields and swimming pools could make a big contribution to community life. We will  encourage all schools to open up these facilities to local people in the evenings, at weekends  and in school holidays. Some of our proposed expansion of adult education will be organised  in this way. Local authorities, particularly community councils where they exist - will help to  provide the administrative support needed to manage such open access.] A new role for local  democracy. We will require LEAs to guarantee a suitable place, with proper support, for every  child in education and training up to the age of 19. This will include responsibility for ensuring  that schools and colleges meet the highest standards of academic performance, discipline and  behaviour, and for providing special services for schools, such as peripatetic music, language  development, or behaviour support. Published information about schools and colleges will  recognise achievement on the basis of 'education value added' progress made by pupils - rather  than crude 'league tables' of results. Independent schools. We recognise the contribution to  excellence which the best of these schools make, and the right of those who wish to pay for  private education to do so, but this should not be subsidised from public resources. We will  phase out the Assisted Places Scheme without affecting those already in it, and restore the  money saved to state schools. We will review the charitable status of independent schools with  the intention of ensuring that the benefits of charitable status are only awarded to those  institutions that make a genuine contribution to the wider community. Educating the  individual. Liberal Democrats will ensure that every individual can receive high-quality  education and training throughout their life from before school to retirement. But the current  system places too little emphasis on vocational achievements. We will: Guarantee pre-school  education for every child. We will guarantee every child access to two years' pre-school  education with a choice of pre-school provision. Introduce a National Record of Achievement.  We will ensure that every pupil has a National Record of Achievement so that progress is  properly documented and shared between parents and schools. Supplemented by individual  diagnostic testing, this will replace the current Standard Assessment Tasks in order to raise  standards. Reduce class sizes. We aim to reduce maximum class sizes so that no registration  class in the country need have more than 30 pupils. Reward academic and vocational  achievements. Our new National Qualifications Council will develop a modular, credit-based  course and examination structure for the 14- 19 age group, covering both vocational and  academic courses. This will build on a simpler, more flexible National Curriculum and a  revised and extended system of National Curriculum levels. Pupils from the age of 14 will  study a balanced curriculum around a core of maths, English, science and a foreign language,  adding specialisms in academic, vocational or technical courses, some delivered by employers  in the workplace. We will ensure that all 1419 year olds have a personal tutor and careers  advice, helping them build the foundations for personal fulfilment and success. Broaden  post-16 education. We will give all 16-19 year olds in work the equivalent of at least two days  a week education or training. Courses will be selected by both the employer and the individual  and will be accredited as part of our new 14-19 system. Those studying full time will study up  to three major and two subsidiary subjects, adding work experience, parenting and citizenship  to build a baccalaureate-style programme. Improve Special Educational Needs provision. We  will give every LEA a separate Special Educational Needs service with its own budget for  which schools will bid for funding. We will require schools to prepare, for every child with  special needs who is not currently covered, an indicative statement to identify needs, set  targets and report progress. The service will be monitored by specialists in the local inspection  team and in HMI. Enable education for life. We will give every citizen an entitlement to a  period of retraining or education at a time of their choice during their adult lives, based on  distance learning costs. We will start by giving this guarantee to those groups most in need,  including the long-term unemployed and single parents. [We will guarantee that Liberal  Democrats will increase investment in education by œ2 billion in the first year. Our priorities  for investment are pre-school education, education and training for 1619 year olds and adult  education.] Opening the doors to higher education. Britain's higher education system still  provides excellent standards of education, but does so for too few people. Liberal Democrats  aim to increase both participation and flexibility in studying for degrees, because not all  students want to follow traditional three-year courses. We will: Increase the number of  students in higher education to two million by the year 2000. As well as more young people,  we will particularly encourage the participation of women, people from minority ethnic and  poorer backgrounds, and people with disabilities. Increase flexibility in courses. We will  introduce a credit based system, enabling students to achieve a diploma after the equivalent of  two years, with the option of a further one or two years' study leading to a degree. We will  make financial assistance available for part-time study. Open up new opportunities for study.  We will develop distance learning opportunities and extend the franchising of higher education  courses so that courses can start at local colleges - helping people who wish or need to study  from home. Fund students properly. We will abolish student loans and restore student  entitlement to housing benefit and income support. As our plans for the reform of tax and  benefits are implemented, we will establish a Student Income Entitlement and a Student  Allowance to which all students, both full- and part-time, will be eligible. Guarantee quality.  Our new Higher Education Standards Council will ensure that as numbers rise, quality does  not suffer. We will establish a proper career structure for research fellows and set up a Pay  Review Body for academic and non-academic staff to halt the brain drain. Invest in research.  We will immediately increase the science budget to 0_35% of GDP, and raise it steadily  thereafter. We will establish a new Humanities Research Council. 4 Britain's people: healthier,  safer, and better housed. Liberal Democrats will invest in local services to enable communities  to thrive. Our aim is to ensure that individuals of all backgrounds and means can live free of  the fear of sickness, poverty and crime. The steps we outline in this paper are necessary to  create a fair, democratic and prosperous society, in which individuals are able to make their  voice heard and develop their talents and skills to the full. But we believe that people can  realise their potential best not as isolated individuals, but as members of thriving and  responsible communities. We will invest in the network of community services health, housing,  crime prevention, social security, arts and sport - to improve quality, choice and opportunity  for everyone. Guaranteeing high-quality health care. Liberal Democrats remain steadfastly  committed to the original aims of the NHS: to enable everyone to live free of the fear of  illness, injury and disability; to provide health care free at the point of delivery and regardless  of ability to pay. The Government's 'reforms' mean that patients are made to follow the money;  under our proposals, money will follow the patients. We especially oppose the two-tier Health  Service which the Government is creating. Our priorities are: A decent level of health service  funding, including an annual real increase to match the costs of new technology and the  growing number of elderly people. We will start to replace the underfunding suffered by the  Health Service under the Conservatives, invest more in renovating and constructing new  health service buildings, and increase spending in the priority areas listed below. We will  abolish tax relief for private health insurance, whilst protecting the rights of existing  policy-holders. Health promotion - keeping people healthy, and treating the root causes of ill  health. We will provide resources for preventive medicine, health education and occupational  health, invest in screening programmes for the prevention of disease, tackle the problems of  drug abuse, ban tobacco promotion, remove charges for eye tests and dental check-ups, and  both freeze and extend exemptions from prescription charges. We will increase resources for  primary care. We will restore a comprehensive dental screening service in schools and improve  the dentists' NHS contract. We will require all government departments to take account of the  impact on health of their decisions - of crucial importance in areas such as industrial  investment, housing, social security and environmental protection. Real choice in health care.  We will introduce an effective Patient's Charter, including rights to hospital treatment within a  specified time, a choice of GP, guaranteed access to health records, and a comprehensive  no-fault compensation scheme. We will require health authorities to publish a Charter of  Services, defining basic entitlements, and provide redress where these are not satisfied. We  will establish a new National Inspectorate for Health to guarantee a quality service. Better  health care for women. We will ensure access to clinics providing health promotion,  counselling, family planning and screening services, particularly for cervical and breast cancer,  and advice on maternity and child care. We will increase the availability both of treatment by  women health professionals and of home birth. High-quality community care, available  through voluntary, private and local authority services to people unable to care for themselves.  We will give users control over the options for care and provide services in a way which  guarantees individuals maximum independence while retaining existing community links. We  will provide bridging finance for local authorities for the transition to the new legislative  arrangements on community care Investment in NHS staff, including in-service training,  especially in areas of significant shortage and changing roles. We will reform medical staffing  and training to replace the consultant-led hierarchy with teams of accredited specialists. A  health service for all. We will ensure that the assessment of health-care needs and the strategic  planning of all services are the responsibility of democratically accountable health authorities.  We will replace the so-called 'internal market' with service agreements between authorities and  hospitals and other health units. We will replace GP fundholding with a system which  guarantees GPs freedom to refer patients outside the service agreements negotiated by health  authorities. We will create a common structure of Local Management of Hospitals and  community units, ending the ability of NHS Trusts to dispose of their capital assets, to set  their own terms and conditions of service for staff, and to withdraw from local planning of  health services. Providing good housing. Decent, affordable and safe housing is vital to  personal happiness and family life. We will encourage home ownership, but we recognise that  the housing market has been distorted by mortgage tax relief, and we believe that choice in  housing means providing more rented accommodation in both public and private sectors. We  will: Introduce housing cost relief weighted towards those most in need and available to house  buyers and renters. This will replace mortgage tax relief for future home buyers, which often  helps most those who need it least, and causes enormous distortions in the savings and  housing markets. People holding mortgages will be protected: they will have the choice of  moving to housing cost relief or continuing to receive mortgage interest tax relief. Boost  house building and renovation. We will relax controls on local authority capital receipts,  especially for new council building, for houses built in cooperation with housing associations,  and for renovation and repair work. We recognise that the urgent need for homes can only be  met by mobilising both private investment and public spending. We will therefore create a new  Partnership Housing sector to ensure high-quality affordable rented housing. Improve tenants'  rights to better standards of repair and maintenance in the public and private sectors. We will  encourage councils to create more tenants' co-operatives. We will retain the right of council  tenants to opt for a change of landlord, but only after a fair ballot. Take urgent action on  homelessness. We will pay income support to claimants in advance and assist with initial  deposits, extend the duty of local authorities to provide accommodation for 16-18 year olds,  and encourage councils to assist each other with housing needs. We will fund the provision of  short-term rented housing to reduce the use of bed and breakfast accommodation. We will  legislate to bring into use dwellings left empty without reasonable cause for more than a year.  Adopt new environmental standards for all buildings, commercial and domestic. We will  introduce a requirement for energy audits on all new buildings as a precondition of grants for  home insulation, solar heating and other energy-- saving measures. Homes which meet the  new standards will be exempt from stamp duty on house purchase. We will encourage shared  combined heat and power schemes, and encourage those planning new houses to take into  account the scope for passive solar heating. Protecting the community. Over the past ten  years recorded crime has risen faster than at any time in our history. Meanwhile, prison  conditions have deteriorated and the public has lost confidence in the criminal justice system.  Liberal Democrats will reverse this trend by: Creating safe and secure communities. We will  give local authorities the powers to develop comprehensive community crime prevention  programmes, improve services to victims and encourage Neighbourhood Watch and Safer City  Programmes. We will pay special attention to the underlying social problems in high-crime  areas, particularly to prevent young people drifting into crime. [Home energy efficiency  discount Saving energy in the home makes good environmental sense, and will save money  on electricity and gas bills. We will make houses which meet high standards of energy  efficiency exempt from the first œ1000 of stamp duty when they are sold. Their energy  standard will be assessed by an energy audit carried out by the local authority's energy  efficiency unit. If a home does not meet the minimum standard, the owner will be able to claim  back all money spent within the first year after purchase on raising it to that level, through,  for example, home insulation, up to the amount of stamp duty they paid when they bought  the property (up to the maximum of œ1000). This will help to cut pollution and save energy  and give a valuable boost to the housing market.] Putting more police officers on the beat.  We will redeploy police resources in order to increase police presence in local communities  and establish local neighbourhood offices. We will decentralise budgetary control to police  subdivisions. We will encourage recruitment campaigns and training for promotion to increase  the number of women and ethnic minority officers in the police force and especially in the  higher ranks Multicultural and anti-racism training will also increase confidence in the police  among minority ethnic communities. We will support the creation by the police of new Racial  Attacks Squads to monitor and co-ordinate action against racially-motivated attacks.  Reforming the criminal justice system. We will establish a Ministry for Justice, merging the  relevant functions of the Home Office and the Lord Chancellor's Department. We will create  the post of Public Defender, equivalent in status to the DPP and responsible for investigating  alleged miscarriages of justice. We will extend legal aid, ensuring that justice is more widely  available. We will encourage 'restorative justice', in which mediation between victims and  offenders provides reparations for those who suffer from crime. Radically reforming  conditions inside prisons, reducing overcrowding, improving prison officers' morale and  punishing offenders where possible within the community. We will create women's units in  prisons where feasible. We will extend the rights and responsibilities of prisoners along the  lines recommended by the Woolf Report, and create the post of Prison Ombudsman. Amend  the provision of the Asylum Bill. We will introduce improved welfare and legal rights for  genuine asylum seekers and establish substantive rights of appeal. Ensuring a decent income  for all. The tax and social security systems are long overdue for reform. Our objectives are to  simplify and integrate the two systems, to mount a determined assault on poverty and  dependence, and to protect our citizens from want. We will work towards the eventual  creation of a new 'Citizen's Income', payable to all irrespective of sex or status. For pensioners,  the Citizen's Income will be well above the present pension, and for everyone else it will be  about œ12_80 a week (at present prices). Unpaid work will at last be recognised as valuable.  Women caring in the home, for example, will receive an independent income from the state for  the first time. The Citizen's Income will be buttressed by a single benefit for those in need,  unifying income support and family credit, with supplements for people with disabilities and  for child-care support. These reforms will ensure that every citizen is guaranteed a decent  minimum income, whether or not they are in employment. Our immediate priorities, which will  act as steps towards the Citizen's Income, include: Immediate improvements in benefits. We  will increase Child Benefit by œ1 per week for each child. Income support for under-25s will  be paid at the full rate, an increase of œ8_50 per week. We will give back to 16 and 17 year  olds the right to claim income support. We will end immediately the minimum poll tax level of  20%, prior to the abolition of the tax itself. We will reform the Social Fund, removing its cash  limit and converting most loans into grants. Increasing the basic state pension immediately by  œ5 a week for single pensioners, and by œ8 a week for married couples. This higher basic  pension will be paid to every pensioner, regardless of their contributory record, to end the  indignity of means testing. After the initial increase we will uprate the basic pension every year  in line with average earnings. This will be paid for by abolishing SERPS, which does not help  the poorest pensioners. People who have already built up SERPS entitlements " of course still  receive their SERPS pension. Protecting the rights of members of occupational pension  schemes. We will provide a statutory framework of protection, including employee  representation on occupational pension trusts. Creating a comprehensive disability income  scheme to give people with disabilities real financial freedom. We will increase Invalidity  Benefit by 15%, extend mobility allowance and base payments on medical records rather than  National Insurance contributions. In the longer term we aim to reimburse individuals in full for  the additional costs of their disability. [A citizen's pension At present many people do not  receive the full basic state pension. If they have not paid enough tax because they have not  earned enough during their working lives, people have to rely on means-tested benefits when  they retire. Women in particular are badly affected, because they tend to have the lowest paid  jobs and to spend several years looking after children. Liberal Democrats believe that a  pension should be a right for everyone. We will ensure that the basic state pension is paid as of  right and end means testing for our poorest senior citizens.] [housing]. [We will introduce  Housing Cost Relief, weighted towards those in need and available to house buyers and  renters. People holding mortgages will have the choice of moving to housing cost relief or  continuing to receive mortgage interest tax relief.] Creating a Carer's Benefit for the many  individuals who forgo normal earnings to look after elderly or disabled relatives. We will  convert Invalid Care Allowance into a Carer's Benefit, increasing its value by an immediate  15%, indexing its future level to earnings and altering the entitlement rules to enable carers to  combine caring with part-time or even full-time jobs and to ensure that people will still be  eligible even if the caring starts after the carer reaches pensionable age. Further improvements  in benefits. We will, over the lifetime of a Parliament, phase out the differential in child benefit  between the first child and subsequent children; reintroduce death and maternity grants;  increase the family premium for income support and family credit, and reform the system of  cold-weather payments. Unifying income tax and employees' National Insurance contributions  so that the two taxes are collected and administered together and paid on the same income,  whether from earnings, investments, capital gains or perks. Making the investment needed to  end the recession, using the money borrowed by the Conservatives to pay for their  pre-election tax cuts. We will also raise the basic rate of income tax by one penny in the pound  to pay for the improvements essential to education. Our new tax rates will be as follows: -  About 80% of tax payers will pay 26% income tax plus the 9% from National Insurance (a  combined rate of 35%). - On earnings above œ33,000, a combined rate of 42% will apply. - On  earnings above œ50,000 a combined rate of 50% will be paid. - Pensioners and ordinary savers  will not pay the 9% National Insurance element on their incomes. Special provisions will also  ensure that those on modest incomes most of which comes from investments, such as people  who have been made redundant, do not pay this 9% on their savings. Widening horizons:  investing in the arts. The arts benefit society in two ways. First, access to the arts is intrinsic to  a high quality of life. Second, the cultural sector - the arts, crafts, design, and audio-visual  industries - makes as great a net contribution to the economy as does the oil industry. We will:  Create a new Ministry of Arts and Communications headed by a minister in the Cabinet.  Liberal Democrats will raise investment in the arts to the EC average over five years. Reform  and decentralise arts funding and organisation. We will decentralise many of the  responsibilities of the Arts Council, increasing the roles of Regional Arts Boards and local  authorities. Strengthen links between the arts and education. We will enhance practical arts  teaching and library provision in schools and extend the provision of adult education for the  arts and crafts. We will restore funding for public libraries to 1980 levels. We will abolish  museum charges for school parties. Transfer responsibility for broadcasting to the new  Ministry. The BBC is a major patron of the arts, and broadcasting itself combines a variety of  arts and crafts. We will reform recent legislation affecting the independent channels to  entrench the interests of quality broadcasting and to guarantee political independence. These  interests will also be reflected in the impending review of the BBC's Charter, and our plans for  cable television. Encourage participation within Europe- including in particular cooperation in  the film industry, in protecting and enhancing our common heritage and in expanding  opportunities for young artists of all kinds. Encouraging a fit, active and healthy society.  Sport is important for the economic, social and health benefits which it can bring and for its  ability to enhance community identity. Liberal Democrats will: Create a UK Sports  Commission to provide a voice for participants, spectators and administrators. State Sports  Councils will continue to receive their core funds from government but the Commission will  raise and distribute additional resources for the promotion of participation and excellence.  Encourage sport across the community. We will encourage school to invest in sports facilities  and open them up to the local community. We will establish Community Sports Plans offering  tax relief to sports clubs that share facilities and coaching resources with local schools. We  will encourage local authorities to transform football grounds into multi-sport venues.  Encourage individual and corporate sponsorship, review the role of the Foundation for Arts  and Sport and reconsider the Conservatives hasty proposal for a national lottery. [We will  fight discrimination by incorporating the European Convention on Human Rights into UK law  and then extending it into a full UK Bill of Rights.] Maintain Britain's leading role in the fight  against drug abuse in sport, ensuring adequate funding for testing programmes and education  campaigns directed at participants. Enhance safety in the provision of sports grounds. We will  put the safety of spectators first in any legislation and make standards mandatory. We will take  into account the size of grounds when setting safety standards. We will raise revenue for  investment in safety by increasing levies on football pools and betting. We will require local  authorities to include sports spectators on ground safety committees. Guaranteeing equal  opportunities. A forward-looking society places an equal value on the contribution of all its  citizens - and benefits from the participation of all. Yet in today's Britain many groups of  individuals are systematically discriminated against by a society which fails to recognise their  right to equality of opportunity. Liberal Democrats will: Fight discrimination by incorporating  the European Convention on Human Rights into UK law and then extending it into a full UK  Bill of Rights. This will reinforce existing protection in British courts against discrimination on  the grounds of sex, race, age, disability, religion or sexual orientation. We will set up a  Commission of Human Rights to assist individuals to take legal action in cases of  discrimination or other breaches of the rights guaranteed in the Convention. Strengthen the  rights of women. We will guarantee equal pay for work of equal value; require public  authorities and private contractors holding public contracts to be equal opportunity employers  and improve child-care support and facilities. Proportional representation for elections and  modernising Parliamentary procedures will help to end the discrimination against women on  elected bodies and in government at European, national and local levels. Extend the  opportunities of young people. We will entrench young people's rights of representation on  organisations which affect their lives and well-being such as college governing bodies. We will  place a statutory obligation on local authorities to provide a comprehensive youth service in  partnership with the voluntary sector, and we will invest in leisure and recreation facilities.  Young people will have the right to confidential medical advice and treatment. Make old age a  time of opportunity. We will introduce a flexible 'decade of retirement' for men and women, in  which people may choose to retire and take a state pension at any time between ages 60 and  70 (the value of the pension increasing with the age of retirement). We will increase choice for  elderly and retired people by encouraging openings in voluntary and part-time work, and  widening the availability of education, the arts and recreational facilities. Protect the rights of  ethnic minorities. We will reinforce legislation to ensure equal opportunities for all, in housing,  employment, education and training, especially in inner-city areas. PR will greatly increase the  possibilities of participation in the political process. We will repeal the 1981 Nationality Act,  reform immigration legislation to make it free from racial discrimination and restore the right  of entry to British passport holders. We will push for the extension of EC race discrimination  legislation and ensure that the rights of black and Asian British citizens are respected  throughout the EC. We will encourage changes to the education system which place a positive  value on a pluralist, diverse and multicultural society. Guarantee equal rights for gay men and  lesbians through changes to criminal law, anti-discrimination legislation and police practices.  We will repeal Section 28 of the 1988 Local Government Act. We will create a common age  of consent regardless of gender or sexual orientation. Work with people with disabilities and  their organisations to draw up a charter of rights for people with disabilities. We will  implement the 1986 Disabled Persons Act in full, giving priority to the development of  advocacy schemes. 5 Britain's partners: European partnership for the new century. Liberal  Democrats will take decisive steps towards a fully integrated, federal and democratic  European Community. We believe that by sharing sovereignty and pooling power, Britain and  its partners will be better able to achieve common goals for the economy, the environment,  society and security than by acting alone. Our aim is to create a citizens' Europe in which  power lies as close to the citizen as possible. Making Britain's European Presidency work.  Very few of the proposals that we have set out in the preceding sections will be successful  unless Britain is prepared to work in partnership within the Community. Following Maastricht,  yet again Britain risks being left behind while the rest of Europe moves on. Liberal Democrats  want Britain to play a full role in creating a dynamic and democratic Europe. We will use  Britain's six-month tenure of the Presidency of the Community's Council of Ministers to make  a start on the real tasks that lie ahead: building a prosperous and integrated economy;  correcting the democratic deficit, making Europe work for its citizens, not its institutions;  widening the Community's membership; and helping to create a peaceful and stable new world  order. We cannot expect Britain to influence the direction the Community takes in the next  decade unless it is a full and enthusiastic member. Our vision of the new Europe is of a federal  community, where power is exercised at the lowest level consistent with good government.  For us, federalism means decentralisation: passing powers down more than passing them up.  The creation of Scottish, Welsh and English regional Parliaments therefore goes hand in hand  with the promotion of more European cooperation and partnership, ensuring access to power  for individuals and their communities right across Europe. Building a citizens' Europe.  January 1993 will bring the single market. Economic and monetary union will follow by the  end of the decade. Yet the Community is still too much an organisation for businessmen and  bureaucrats instead of citizens and communities. We want to mould Europe's future in the  interests of Europe's people. Our priorities are: Economic and monetary union including the  establishment of an independent European Central Bank and a single European currency. We  will renounce the Conservatives' 'opt-out' clause and accept the timetable for EMU.  Cooperation in research and innovation. We will encourage further collaboration within the  EC on major scientific projects and the development of new technologies such as  telecommunications, information technology and environmentally sustainable innovations.  Action on the environment. Our environmental goals cannot be successfully achieved unless  action is taken across the Community. The proposed European Environment Agency must be  established, a European energy policy drawn up and environmental subsidies and penalties  applied Community-wide. An active regional and social policy. The single market and  economic and monetary union will expose regions and firms to greater competition. This will  be beneficial in the long run, but the EC must assist in the transitional period. We will  renounce Britain's social chapter 'opt-out' and argue for a more flexible framework of social  policy across the Community. The EC should set down minimum standards of health and  safety and employee rights, leaving national governments and enterprises to decide how to  meet them, subject ultimately to the judgement of the courts. Fundamental reform of the  Common Agricultural Policy. We will ease the transition from the present wasteful and  inefficient price support mechanism to market prices and direct support for farmers' incomes  to achieve environmental and social goals, to be funded by savings made from the present  intervention payment system. Creating a new democracy in Europe. The Community's  structure gives far too much weight to the Council of Ministers at the expense of the European  Parliament, and, most importantly, of the individual citizen. Further moves to European union,  and enlargement, must depend on the institutions of the EC becoming truly democratic. We  will: Set out the rights of the European citizen. We will work for a clear definition of the  rights of the European citizen, and insist that these are common to all Community nationals.  This must include common voting rights at local, national and European levels. Increase the  democratic powers of the European Parliament. We will ensure that the Parliament becomes  an effective partner with the Council in law-making, exercising in full the power of  'co-decision'. Introduce fair votes for the 1994 British elections to the European Parliament.  The British citizen must no longer be denied the fair voting systems enjoyed by the citizens of  every other European country. Make the Commission more accountable. The Parliament must  have the power to confirm or deny the Council's nominee as President of the Commission, and  then to approve or not the President's choice of Commissioners - and subsequently to sack  them if necessary. We welcome the provisions of the Maastricht Treaty as a first step.  Increase democracy and accountability in the Council of Ministers. We will argue to extend  majority voting in the Council to cover all areas of Community policy other than constitutional  and crucial security matters. When passing laws, the Council should meet in public. Improve  national scrutiny of Ministers' actions in Europe. We will create a new Europe Committee of  the House of Commons, and give our reformed House of Lords (see page 48) a special role in  scrutinising developments in the Community. Prepare for Community enlargement,  welcoming EFTA members and, when they are ready, the new democracies of Central and  Eastern Europe. A Community with more members requires reformed and dynamic  institutions. Sharing security; working for peace. The Gulf War and its aftermath have shown  the crucial need for stronger and more effective world institutions capable of upholding  international law and enforcing respect for human rights. Britain must ensure that the  Community plays a pivotal role in the construction of a new security order in Europe,  following the democratisation of Eastern and Central Europe. New initiatives for disarmament  and for sharing security burdens will enable further reductions in levels of armaments to be  made without endangering security. On the global stage, a stronger United Nations will be  needed to underpin cooperation in tackling the world's problems. We will: Develop common  European Community foreign and security policies. This will include a common approach to  defence procurement and the gradual integration of Community members' armed forces under  a joint military command. The burden of collective security in Western Europe should be  shared more equally; we will press for contributions from all nations to the costs of joint forces  such as NATO's proposed Rapid Reaction Force - of which Britain will provide almost half.  Promote democracy and reform in Eastern and Central Europe by co-ordinating generous  economic assistance to countries introducing democracy, guaranteeing human rights and  reforming their economies. Assist the peaceful evolution of the Commonwealth of  Independent States, the former USSR. We will help not just with food and financial aid and  technical assistance, but also with the provision of military resources to shift food and  supplies, and with scientific assistance to dismantle nuclear weapons. [Further moves to  European Union, and enlargement, must depend on the institutions of the European  Community becoming truly democratic.] Develop a pan-European security framework. We  will encourage the Conference on Security and Cooperation in Europe to develop monitoring,  verification and mediation duties within the continent. We will press for NATO to guarantee  the borders of Poland. Czechoslovakia and Hungary and to enter into talks with other  governments in the region for similar guarantees. Instigate a comprehensive review of UK  defence policy which will be dictated by a rigorous analysis of defence needs rather than by  fixed monetary targets. The Review will cover the continuing need for contributions to  collective security, the value of Britain's remaining extra-European commitments, and the  potential for increasing our contribution to UN peacekeeping missions. Given the present  hopeful international situation, we believe that further reductions in levels of armaments will  be able to be made without in any way endangering security. Since the review will set out the  framework for defence policy for years to come, we will halt any defence cut, and any order  for a new weapons system, which might prejudice its outcome. Establish an Arms Conversion  Agency to help arms manufacturers to diversify and convert out of the defence field, funded by  savings made in the defence budget. Our proposed regional development agencies will also  provide help to areas particularly affected. We will reduce spending on military research and  development, and shift the resources saved into the civilian sector. Maintain a minimum  nuclear deterrent. We believe that the UK needs to retain its independent nuclear deterrent,  but that the escalation of firepower represented by the scale of the Trident replacement for  Polaris is unnecessary and unhelpful. We will ensure that the total number of warheads on the  four-boat Trident system is limited to no more than that currently deployed on the Polaris  system, and our Defence Review will consider whether we can reduce this further without  threatening security. Our Review will also examine the possibilities of future European  cooperation in the provision of a deterrent force. We reject the Government's proposed  replacement of British free-fall nuclear bombs with air-to-surface missiles. Propose new  disarmament initiatives covering all categories of conventional and nuclear weapons. These  will aim to eliminate non-strategic nuclear weapons from Europe, and to reduce the strategic  weapons possessed by the US, the former Soviet Union, Britain, France and China - a vital  step towards the day when individual nations possession of nuclear deterrents ceases to be  necessary. Act against the arms trade. Together with our Community partners, we will  establish a register of all international arms sales, eventually to become a UN register. We will  place a total embargo on arms sales to regimes which violate human rights, and work for  further global agreements among suppliers to control arms sales and technology transfer. We  will close the Defence Export Services Organisation and ensure that overseas aid is not linked  in any way to arms purchases. Make the United Nations more effective. The UN Security  Council should take a proactive role in peacekeeping before confrontation develops into  conflict. We will work with our Community partners to ensure that funds are available for  maintaining peace and security. The UN Military Staff Committee should be reinstated and a  permanent peacekeeping force established, with member states contributing contingents on an  annual basis. Because of the need to assign British forces to this and to European policing and  disaster roles (on top of their present commitments), more general purpose infantry battalions  will be required than the number currently planned by the Conservative Government.  Developing global prosperity. A secure, democratic and peaceful world can never be created  while so much of the globe remains so desperately poor. Britain must play its part in  developing prosperity, protecting the world environment, eradicating poverty, famine and  disease, and promoting human rights and international cooperation. This will include:  Increasing overseas aid to reach the UN target of 0_7% of GNP over five years. We will  increase aid especially to democratic countries carrying out policies which benefit the poorest,  are environmentally sustainable and respect human rights. We will raise the proportion of aid  given as grants instead of loans and place greater emphasis on supporting small-scale,  community-based, labour-intensive projects. We will promote closer European cooperation, to  make the best use of national and Community aid, and avoid wasteful duplication. We will  rejoin UNESCO. Ending the commercialisation of aid which the current Government has  practised and which substantially reduces its value to the world's poorest. We will reduce the  proportion of UK aid tied to the purchase of UK goods and services and ensure that help to  British exports is solely a function of the Department of Trade and Industry, rather than the  ODA. Encouraging environmentally sustainable development. This includes the transfer of  appropriate technology, the development of sustainable agriculture and forestry, sustainable  use policies for the tropical rain forests and projects to prevent desertification, and the  promotion of energy conservation and renewable energy schemes. We will provide technical  help to develop methods of resource accounting and environmental protection and ensure that  measures of sustainability are incorporated in decisions on development projects and  programmes. Urgent action to tackle the growth in the world's population. Having doubled in  the past fifty years to five billion, the world's population is expected to increase by a further  one billion in the 1990s alone. We will give priority to support for family-planning  programmes, education and employment opportunities for women, and basic provision for old  age. Reform of the world trading and financial systems. We see the successful conclusion of  the Uruguay round of the GATT world trade talks as an urgent priority. Global prosperity also  requires the reversal of the net flow of resources from the global South. We will press the EC  to co-ordinate international action to resolve the debt crisis, including reducing  government-to-government debt, introducing regulatory and tax regimes to encourage  commercial banks to reduce or write off debt, extending eligibility to IMF and World Bank  loans, and encouraging, where appropriate, debt for development and debt for environment  swaps. We will press for the progressive reduction of all tariff and non-tariff trade barriers,  and in particular the removal of unfair trading barriers against developing countries. 6  Britain's democracy: electoral and constitutional reform. Liberal Democrats, alone in British  politics, recognise that unless we change Britain's system of government, we cannot change  Britain's future. Without constitutional reform, we will not achieve our other objectives. We  believe in citizenship, not subjecthood - in the ability of all individuals to exercise power over  the institutions that govern their lives. The creation of a modernised democracy therefore lies  at the heart of all our proposals. We recognise too that Britain's success in the next century  will depend not just on changing what we do, but in changing the way in which we do it.  However worthy its intentions, and however able its personnel, no government will be able to  put Britain right unless and until it has modernised our constitution. Fair voting for an  effective Parliament. Our current 'winner takes all' system of voting has many faults. It is  unfair, unstable and divisive. Government by minority is usually bad government: in no truly  democratic country could a disaster like the poll tax have been pushed through in defiance of  public opinion, wasting billions of pounds and causing misery to millions of people. Our top  priority is therefore the introduction of fair votes for all elections at all levels of government.  Fair votes will make every elector's vote count  It will increase citizens' control over their elected representatives, by abolishing safe seats  It will eradicate the power of the extremist minority in political parties  It will lead to a better choice of candidates and ensure that more women and candidates from  minority ethnic communities are elected  Above all, it will reduce tit-for-tat politics and introduce much greater stability into  government, allowing individuals and businesses alike to plan for their future with confidence  We will: Bring in fair votes  We will introduce proportional representation for all elections at local, national and European  levels  We propose the single transferable vote, by which electors cast their votes in multi-member  constituencies based on natural communities  Introduce fixed-term Parliaments of four years, with a known date for the next election,  subject to an earlier election only if the government loses a special 'explicit' vote of no  confidence  Reform the House of Lords  We will maintain a second chamber as a Senate, primarily elected by the citizens of the  nations and regions of the United Kingdom  It will have power to delay all legislation other than money bills for up to two years  Improve the way Parliament works  We will give MPs greater influence over the executive by boosting the powers of Select  Committees, improving staff backup for backbenchers and increasing financial and civil service  support for opposition parties  We will improve the quality of legislation by establishing pre-legislative committees and better  scrutiny of delegated legislation  We will improve the quality of debates by allocating time for business more fairly, timetabling  Committee sessions of bills and ending Parliament's late-night sittings  Bringing power to the people  Our system of government is far too centralised, and fails to make effective use of the talents  and skills available across the country  We believe that political power is best exercised at the most local level possible, consistent  with good government  We will: Introduce Home Rule for Scotland, with the immediate creation of an elected  Scottish Parliament  Introduce Home Rule for Wales, with the immediate creation of an elected Welsh Senedd  Reform and strengthen local government, removing unnecessary tiers, restoring councils'  independence and ensuring they are accountable to the people through a fair voting system  Create the framework for regional government in England  We will enable the establishment of fully democratic regional governments throughout  England  We will set up a Strategic Authority for London as a priority  Preceding the new regional governments, we will establish regional development agencies  throughout England, helping to boost economic development and prosperity  Decentralise power to the new national and regional governments  Economic development, housing, health, social services, roads and public transport, education  and planning are functions which should be devolved from Whitehall and brought nearer the  people they most affect  Strengthening local government  The current Government's approach to local government finance - most notably through the  poll tax fiasco - has been to destroy the independence of local authorities by reducing their  powers to raise and spend revenue  The Liberal Democrat approach is exactly the opposite: we aim to take power away from  Westminster and Whitehall, giving new powers to stronger, more independent and more  democratic local councils - elected by fair votes  We will: Abolish the poll tax, cancel plans for the proposed Council Tax and introduce a  Local Income Tax, related to ability to pay and collected by the Inland Revenue  Local Income Tax is easy to understand, easy to administer, and fair  It works effectively in many other countries  Replace the Uniform Business Rate with Site Value Rating - locally administered and based  on the taxation of land values (with exemption for agricultural land and domestic properties)  This will create incentives to improve property, rather than leave it undeveloped  Administration will be easier and local accountability will be restored  Reform and strengthen local government  We will reform principal local councils into a unitary system based on natural communities  and the wishes of local people  We will give the new authorities greater responsibilities - for example, over education, health,  and planning - and freedom to ensure the delivery of services in ways they think best  Local authorities will be given a 'general power of competence', which will allow them to  carry out any beneficial local action which neither duplicates the work of other public bodies  nor breaks the law  Bring local government nearer to the people, by enabling the formation of a full network of  community, parish, town or neighbourhood councils  We will ensure that all tiers of regional and local government publish a 'Charter of Services',  giving citizens clear rights to standards of service, and remedies if these are not met  [Consulting local citizens Liberal Democrats want local councils to be as responsive and  accountable to their local citizens as possible  We will introduce across the country an initiative pioneered by Liberal Democrat-run councils  such as South Somerset and Richmond  We will require every council to conduct an annual survey of all its residents to gauge their  views on the quality of local services  A summary of the results of the survey, compared to the previous year's findings, will be  published with the annual demand for local income tax, so that every resident is able to tell  what their council is achieving with the money they pay  ] Ensuring citizens' rights and opportunities  No citizen is truly free unless all are  Individual citizens and minority communities themselves need protection against the power of  the state and against discrimination and unfair treatment  Citizens must have rights of access to information about decisions taken by public authorities  in their name  We will: Introduce a Freedom of Information Act, placing responsibility on government and  other authorities to justify secrecy  We will reverse the present Government's encroachments on freedom of speech and  association, such as the banning of trade unions at GCHQ  We will legislate to give individuals the right of access to their personal files, except in  matters relating to national security, whether held by public or private bodies  Security services and intelligence agencies should be accountable to a committee of senior  Privy Councillors  Enact a Bill of Rights by immediately incorporating the European Convention on Human  Rights and its protocols into UK law  We will create a Commission of Human Rights to help people bring proceedings under the  Bill and to recommend changes in existing law and practice  In due course we will add rights and freedoms not currently included in the Convention,  extending into a full UK Bill of Rights  Take tougher action against discrimination  Our Bill of Rights will guarantee effective protection against discrimination on the grounds of  sex, race, age, disability, religion or sexual orientation  Our Commission of Human Rights will help individuals take legal action in cases of  discrimination  End the bias against women's participation in the present political system  The introduction of fair votes and of sensible Parliamentary conditions will increase both the  number of women candidates and the number of women MPs  In addition, we will use government's powers of appointment to ensure fair representation of  women public bodies  Improve the administration of the legal system with the establishment of a Ministry of Justice,  separating responsibility for civil liberties and justice from that for order and security  We will establish a Judicial Services Commission to appoint judges  Adopt a written constitution, of which the Bill of Rights will form the centrepiece  We will create a Supreme Court to entrench and defend these fundamental reforms to the  relationship between the citizen and the state  Working for peace: Northern Ireland  Liberal Democrats reject simplistic solutions for Northern Ireland  We aim to confront the legitimate fears and aspirations of both communities  We accept that both the Unionist and Nationalist traditions are valid and legitimate; that  Northern Ireland should remain a part of the UK until the free consent of the majority of its  people is given to change; that the Republic of Ireland has a legitimate interest in the future of  Northern Ireland; and that a partnership in government which allows both communities to  participate is the only practical way in which to make progress  Together with the Alliance Party, our sister party and the only non-sectarian political party in  Northern Ireland, we believe that mutual respect, shared responsibilities and decentralised  government are the only basis for a lasting solution to the troubles of Northern Ireland  We will work together to: Maintain the Anglo-Irish Agreement, unless and until an improved  agreement emerges from cross-party talks to replace it  Strengthen the constitutional rights of individuals within Northern Ireland  The case for fair voting for all elections, to bring together communities and encourage  cooperation, and for a Bill of Rights to protect individuals, is even more pressing in Northern  Ireland than it is in the rest of the UK  We will reform the Diplock system, so that three judges preside over non-jury trials, and  encourage the use of juries wherever possible  We will introduce a 110-day limit on the length of time for which a prisoner may be held  before trial, repeal the broadcasting ban, and provide for the videotaping of police interviews  with terrorist suspects  Support community-based organisations striving for peace and reconciliation and working to  eliminate sectarianism and discrimination in religious life, education, housing and politics  Welcome the opportunities offered by the development of the European Community, in terms  of economic assistance to Northern Ireland and also because it creates a framework for  progress in the relationship between the UK and the Republic of Ireland  Our Pledge  What has been set out in these pages is a programme which could change Britain for good  We could become a country of citizens, not subjects, striving for excellence rather than  settling for second best  We could be economically prosperous, environmentally responsible and educated to our full  potential  But the obstacle to national success is the British system of government itself  Until that outdated charade is swept away, Britain's decline will continue, whatever  government may be in power  That is why Liberal Democrats are putting constitutional change at the heart of our election  campaign  The reform of our outdated and undemocratic voting system in particular is the change which  will make other reforms possible and is the key to a successful future  Because we believe in stable democratic government supported by a majority of the British  people, we shall not only campaign wholeheartedly for fair votes in the coming weeks, we also  make a pledge for the period after the election  Our aim will be the creation of stable government for a whole Parliament and a more  democratic basis for future elections  Liberal Democrats will neither support nor participate in a government which turns its back  on reform  Any minority government which tries to play games with the constitution in order to cling to  power, promoting instability and dodging the moral challenge of democracy, will have to  contend with us  That is our pledge
Which party will make a real difference to my child's education?
Our aim: To make Britain the world's foremost learning society by 2010.
The problem: This country's education has been underfunded and undermined by repeated shifts in policy.
Standards are too low, especially in core skills such as reading and maths.
Britain is too low in the world league tables.
Our commitment: Liberal Democrats will make education the next government's top priority.
We will invest an additional £2 billion per year in education, funded by an extra 1p in the pound on the basic rate of income tax.
Our first priority is to:
- Give children the best start by providing high quality early years education for every 3 and 4 year-old child whose parents want it.
Key priorities are to:
- Increase funding for books and equipment in schools.
In the first year, we will double spending on books and equipment to overcome the effect of recent cuts.
- Reduce primary school class sizes so that within 5 years no child between 5 and 11 I will need to be in a class of more than 30.
- Tackle the backlog of repair and maintenance to buildings with £500m additional investment over 5 years.
- Boost chances for all adults to improve their skills and get better qualifications.
Making the best start
Early years education is the essential building block for higher standards and achievement later on.
Every £1 spent on high quality under-fives education raises standards in later life and adds up to £7 of value to the nations economy.
We will:
- Give children the best start by providing high quality early years education for every 3 and 4 year-old child whose parents want it.
This will be the first call on our £2 billion annual programme of extra investment in education.
- Promote high standards in early years education.
We will set minimum standards for care, curriculum and premises.
We will ensure that those in early years education are supervised by qualified staff.
- Provide choice in early years education.
We will scrap the bureaucratic voucher scheme.
We will ensure a variety of provision from a wide range of public, private and voluntary providers.
- Raising standards in schools.
We will raise standards in schools, especially in literacy and numeracy, which are still far too low.
We will:
- Improve teaching standards.
We will set up a General Teaching Council, charged with improving teaching standards and making teaching a profession to be proud of again.
We will provide more opportunities for professional development and reward excellence in teaching.
We will help poor teachers improve, but if they cannot, we will ensure they do not continue to teach.
- Encourage schools to succeed.
We will strengthen the inspection system so that it helps schools and we will extend inspection to monitoring Local Education Authorities (LEAs).
- Strengthen discipline in schools.
We will support teachers in maintaining discipline and provide them with the means to do so - for example, by providing better access to special referral units.
We will require every school to develop a policy to tackle bullying and truancy.
We will launch a national Truancy Watch scheme.
We will oblige LEAs to fulfil their responsibilities to educate pupils excluded or suspended from school.
- Measure achievement in pupils and schools.
We will give every pupil a Personal Record of Achievement which will enable them to build up a set of nationally accredited qualifications and record their other achievements.
We will require schools to publish meaningful information on their standards, achievements and plans for the future.
- Improve the National Curriculum.
We will replace the National Curriculum with a more focused and flexible Minimum Curriculum Entitlement.
We will ensure that religious education provides pupils with an understanding of the major traditions of belief in this country.
- Boost literacy.
We will establish special literacy programmes involving parents with teachers in a drive to ensure that 90 per cent of all pupils reach their expected reading age by 2005.
Investing in schools
Extra investment for well-equipped classrooms and better-maintained buildings is essential if standards are to improve.
We will:
- Increase funding for books and equipment in schools.
In the first year, we will double spending on books and equipment to overcome the effect of recent cuts.
A typical primary school of 250 pupils will get an extra £16,000.
A typical secondary school of 1,000 pupils will get an extra £110,000.
- Reduce primary school class sizes so that within 5 years no child between 5 and 11 will need to be in a class of more than 30.
- Tackle the backlog of repairs.
We will invest an additional £500 million over 5 years in repairing crumbling and unsafe buildings.
- Support children with special needs.
We will fully fund the implementation of the Code of Practice for Special Educational Needs.
A new partnership for schools
Involving parents in the education of their children and ensuring schools are supported by local communities are both essential to achieving higher standards and a better use of resources.
We will:
- Increase the role of parents in education.
We will extend home/school/pupil links, develop home-school partnership arrangements and support parents with information and resources to help them help their child.
We will require the schools inspection service to report on home-school partnerships as part of school inspections.
We will promote school councils and guarantee automatic representation on governing bodies to staff and, where appropriate, students.
- Open up schools to the whole community.
We will encourage schools to develop courses for parents, build links with local leisure organisations to open up school sports facilities to the community and work with local businesses to provide improved computer education.
- Give all schools more independence and allow them to develop their own styles and strengths.
We will devolve as many powers as possible to schools and give them more control over their budgets.
We will make new 'light touch' LEAs responsible for those functions that cannot be undertaken by individual schools on their own, such as coordination, planning and monitoring standards.
We will bring grant-maintained schools and City Technology Colleges into this new framework and scrap the Funding Agency for Schools.
Liberal Democrats are opposed to selection, but believe that decisions on this should be made by local communities through their local Councils and not by politicians at Westminster.
- Recognise the valuable role of church schools in the maintained sector.
We will initiate a dialogue with all the major faiths about the role they wish to play in education in the future.
Where any of the major faiths wish to establish publicly funded voluntary schools we will enable them to do so, provided that they enjoy substantial community support, offer acceptable programmes of study, provide equality of opportunity and are able to deliver the Minimum Curriculum Entitlement.
- Forge a new partnership with the independent sector.
We will encourage independent schools to work with state schools.
We will phase out the Assisted Places Scheme
and use the money saved to enable LEAs, if they wish, to enter into local partnership schemes.
These could include assisting the funding of pupils at independent schools.
Pupils currently covered by the Assisted Places Scheme would, however, be protected until they finish their studies.
We will require independent schools to offer the Minimum Curriculum Entitlement.
We will extend charitable status to all schools without affecting total Council funding and maintain the VAT exemption on school fees.
Extending life-long learning
In the information age, education must be a life-long activity from which people can benefit anywhere and at any time, rather than being something that only happens in school.
We will:
- Widen access to further education.
We will give every person an Individual Learning Account as the basis for life-long post-school education with contributions made by the state, individuals and employers.
Our aim is that the state contribution will be at least equivalent to the cost of fees on approved courses.
We will replace the Student Loans Scheme with a fair repayment scheme linked to salaries in later life.
We oppose top-up fees for tuition.
Our aim is to ensure that students on approved courses (including part-time courses) up to first degree level are treated equally.
- Promote flexible learning.
We will create a higher standard credit-based system for all post-14 courses, including the current A-levels and degree courses.
We will work with the private sector to link all schools to the Information Super Highway and ensure that they have the equipment and skills to take advantage of this.
- Promote training in the workplace.
To support companies that invest in education and training, and to encourage others to do so, we will introduce a 2 per cent remissible levy on company payrolls.
This would be deductible against the cost of providing accredited training or making contributions to the Individual Learning Account.
Small businesses will be exempt.
We will give Training and Enterprise Councils the leading role in forging local partnerships to meet youth training and employment needs.
- Expand training opportunities for young people.
Our aim is to ensure that 16-19 year-oIds receive the equivalent of at least 2 days a week education or on-the-job training.
- Boost chances for all adults to improve their skills and get better qualifications.
We will ensure that all adults on approved courses or training have access to financial support, either through their Individual Learning Accounts or from their employer using our new remissible training levy.
- Improve the quality of tertiary courses.
We will create a new Quality Council to ensure high standards and value for money in all post-16 education and training courses.
- Secure academic freedom.
We will ensure the funding of university teaching and research, safeguard academic freedom and standards.
Which party will be best for my job and our firm?
Our aim: To end the cycle of boom and bust and equip Britain's economy to compete in the global market-place.
The problem: Despite the current pre-election mini-boom, the fundamentals of Britain's economy remain weak.
We continue to be held back by instability in economic management, an underskilled labour force and chronic under-investment.
Britain continues to consume too much and invest too little.
Our commitment: Liberal Democrats will lock in economic stability, encourage saving and promote enterprise.
We will raise the quality of Britain's workforce through additional investment in education and training.
As part of our strategy to build a sustainable economy, we will shift the burden of taxation from employment to the depletion of natural resources.
Our priorities are to:
- Provide stability in economic management to encourage long-term investment.
- Raise the quality of Britain's workforce and get people back to work.
- Promote enterprise and small businesses.
- Begin to shift taxation from jobs, wealth and goods to pollution and the depletion of natural resources.
Investing in Britain's future
Long-term investment and economic stability are crucial to future economic success.
We will:
- Secure stable prices and low interest rates.
We will turn the Bank of England into a UK Reserve Bank, free from political interference.
We will charge the Bank with keeping inflation low and make it accountable to Parliament for achieving this goal.
Lower inflation and greater exchange rate stability can be better secured by working with Britain's European partners.
The best framework for this is a single European currency and it is in Britain's interests to take part in this.
However, three conditions must be met before this can happen.
First, the single currency must be firmly founded on the Maastricht criteria.
Second, Britain must meet those criteria.
Third, the British people must have said yes' in a referendum.
If these conditions for a single currency are in place, Britain should join.
- Ensure responsible economic management.
We will keep to the 'golden rule' of public finance: over the economic cycle, total borrowing should not exceed total investment.
We will make the government accountable to Parliament for keeping to this rule, and subject it to independent monitoring.
We will cut wasteful spending and ensure new spending delivers value for money.
- Build up Britain's capital assets.
We will distinguish between capital and current spending in the national accounting system.
We will promote effective public/private investment partnerships at both national and local levels, with Councils' borrowing carefully controlled.
- Put Britain's people back to work.
We will enable long-term unemployed people to turn their unemployment benefits into 'working benefits' paid to an employer to recruit and train them.
We will break open the poverty traps that stop unemployed people from working.
Our plans for boosting investment in infrastructure, promoting small businesses and encouraging energy conservation will create hundreds of thousands of new jobs.
- Invest in a highly-skilled workforce.
Our investment of an additional £2 billion a year in education and training will improve skills and increase the nation's knowledge base.
- Promote environmental sustainability.
We will begin a long-term shift in taxation, reducing taxes on jobs, wealth and goods and shifting them to pollution and resource depletion.
We will use new national indicators of progress which include measures of quality of life and environmental sustainability.
- Encourage people to save.
Our aim is to extend the advantages of TESSAs and PEPs to a wider range of savers by developing a new save-as-you-earn scheme.
We will encourage personal and portable pension plans.
Investing in enterprise
Small business, enterprise and self-employment are the engine of a modern dynamic economy and a vital source of new jobs and growth.
We will:
- Support small and medium-sized businesses.
We will encourage the banks to develop new sources of private finance, including grants, equity finance and mutual guarantee schemes.
We will seek to expand the sources of 'seed-corn' capital.
We will legislate for a statutory right to interest on late debt payments.
We will require the banks to develop new codes of banking practice for small businesses.
We will cut red tape, for example by stopping European institutions interfering where they shouldn't and by preventing Whitehall departments 'goldplating' European regulations with extra rules.
We will, in the long-term, abolish the Uniform Business Rate and bring in a new, fairer local rating system.
We will ensure that government purchasing gives special emphasis and easier access to small and medium-sized firms.
- Boost regional and local economies.
We will set up regionally-based Development Agencies to build new partnerships between small businesses, local Councils, Business Links, TECs and local Chambers of Commerce.
We will encourage these bodies to come together to provide 'one-stop shops'.
We will enable Councils to raise capital for local infrastructure investment, where they work in partnership with the private sector.
We will encourage industrial development by promoting geographical centres of industrial excellence.
- Invest in research and innovation.
We will expand support for science and research by shifting government funds away from military Research and Development and into civil science and research,
and improve specialist research facilities for industry.
We will encourage regional technology transfer centres to bring together the resources of industry, universities and government laboratories.
- Promote tourism.
We will bring together the marketing and infrastructure work of government, local Councils and tourist boards.
We will ensure that local communities are involved in the planning of tourist developments from the earliest stages.
- Build new partnerships at work.
We will give employees new rights to consultation and participation in decisions and give companies and their employees access to advice on the forms of partnership which best suit them.
We will promote profit-sharing, mutual structures and employee share-ownership schemes.
We will extend the benefits of the Social Chapter of the Maastricht Treaty to all UK employees, while resisting the adoption of new rules that unnecessarily harm job opportunities.
- Encourage a culture of long-term business investment.
We will require companies to publish information on their long-term investment achievements,
including environmental performance,
research and development, and training.
We will introduce greater shareholder control over directors' pay and appointments.
- Promote British exports.
We will make export promotion and commercial activity a higher priority for British Embassies.
Making Britain more competitive
A competitive domestic economy is essential if British companies are to succeed in the global market.
We will:
- Strengthen the law on competition.
We will tighten the rules on monopolies and adopt a pro-competition stance on take-overs and mergers.
We will, combine the Monopolies and Mergers Commission and the Office of Fair Trading into a single powerful body, independent of government and charged with promoting competition.
- Give consumers more power.
We will promote the establishment of industry-wide Ombudsmen schemes to improve complaints procedures and consumer redress.
We will strengthen customer guarantees, improve product standards and labelling, especially for environmental purposes, and encourage products that are easier to repair, reuse and recycle.
We will insist on clear labelling for food products which include genetically modified ingredients.
- Reform the privatised utilities.
We will combine the existing regulators into a single Office of Utility Regulation, reporting to a Cabinet Minister responsible for consumer affairs.
This new office will contain a regulatory board for each industry and will be, charged with protecting the consumer and ensuring that excess profits are used to reduce prices and increase investment in improved services.
Starting with the water industry, we will encourage utilities to involve their consumers in ownership and control of their company, through mutual structures.
- Reinforce consumer and investor protection.
We will introduce independent regulation of financial services and improve processes for redress (e./ g./ for mis-selling).
We will protect pension and life assurance savings from fraud.
We will work to maintain the City of London's pre-eminence as a financial centre and promote effective international banking standards.
Which party is serious about making our environment cleaner and safer?
Our aim: To make clean air, pure water and a decent environment a central priority of Government.
The problem: For too long, the environment has been damaged by greed and indifference.
This cannot go on.
From global warming to polluted rivers and asthma in children, everyone is already paying the cost of environmental damage.
The longer action is delayed, the higher the cost will be.
Our commitment: To save energy, cut traffic congestion, stop the unnecessary destruction of the countryside and stem the tide of pollution.
Our priorities are to:
- Cut taxes on things we want to encourage, like jobs, by taxing pollution instead.
This will not mean more tax, it will mean taxing differently.
- Build environmental objectives into every government policy.
- Set tough targets to cut energy waste, reduce traffic congestion and control pollution.
A greener economy
Environmental protection must be built into every economic decision and every area of government policy.
We will:
- Set tough new targets for the reduction of traffic pollution and waste.
This will help reduce global warming, cut air pollution and prevent waste.
Our targets include cutting carbon dioxide emissions (the main cause of climate change) by 30 per cent from the 1990 level over the next 15 years.
- Cut VAT and taxes on jobs, and make up the difference by taxing pollution instead.
This will help create more jobs and a better standard of living.
- Adopt a Green Action Programme.
We will set targets for sustainability and biodiversity, to be met by central and local government.
We will measure these by using new indicators of quality of life, progress and wealth.
The Prime Minister will report to Parliament each year on the country's success in meeting these environmental targets.
- Protect the local environment.
We will pass stronger laws to conserve the countryside.
We will cut road congestion and help local Councils make Britain's towns and cities healthier and cleaner places to live.
- Improve the way environment policy is made.
Environment policy is currently buried, with housing and local government, in a huge single Government Department.
We will put environment and energy policy within a separate, new department and ensure that all government departments and agencies pursue environmentally-friendly policies.
We will give the Environment Agency stronger powers to enforce compliance with environmental laws.
Transporting people, tackling pollution
Travel delays and road congestion cost billions of pounds, and pollution damages the health of millions of people.
We will:
- Invest in public transport by building new partnerships with the private sector.
We will enable Councils to introduce road pricing in the most congested urban areas and use the money to support clean and rapid public transport, and to improve cycle and pedestrian access.
We will retain London Underground in public ownership and give it the right to seek private finance for new investment without an assured government guarantee.
- Treble the freight and double the number of passengers carried on Britain's railways by the year 2010.
We will strengthen the powers of the rail regulators.
We will require Railtrack to meet targets for greater investment and increased passenger and freight traffic.
We will withhold public subsidies from Railtrack if the targets are not met and, in the case of persistent failure, use the funds to reacquire a controlling interest in Railtrack.
We will provide for legislation enabling this.
- Encourage people to drive more fuel-efficient cars by cutting the annual car tax, from £145 to £10 for cars up to 1600cc, over the period of the next Parliament,
funded by gradually raising the duty on fuel by approximately 4 pence per litre.
Under our proposals, a person with a typical family car could drive up to 23,000 miles per year and still be better off - even in rural areas, where the average motorist only drives 11,700 miles a year.
We will reform tax relief on company cars to encourage smaller cars and give people new incentives to use public transport for getting to work.
- Reduce the need to travel.
We will reform the planning system so that people have easier access to shops, offices and facilities,
and promote the use of information technology to decentralise work.
Warmer homes, saving energy
Official government figures show that half the energy used in Britain is wasted.
This pushes up fuel bills, worsens pollution and speeds up global warming.
We will:
- Cut fuel bills and make homes warmer.
We will launch a National Homes Insulation programme to end fuel poverty starting with the 2 million lowest income households.
Our proposals will be funded by the Energy Saving Trust and the energy supply companies.
This will save these households an average £85 per year
and reduce global warming emissions.
By contrast, cutting VAT on fuel bills to 5 per cent would save the average household only £19 per year.
- Cut taxes on people by taxing pollution instead.
To encourage energy saving, we will gradually introduce a 'carbon tax' on fossil fuels, using the funds raised to cut VAT and employers' National Insurance Contributions (the tax on jobs).
This is a tax switch, not a tax rise, and will be phased in gradually.
- Improve energy efficiency.
We will bring in new minimum standards for the energy efficiency of products, buildings and vehicles.
We will cut VAT on energy conservation materials to 8 per cent - the same as for energy supplies.
- Promote renewable sources of energy and combined heat and power schemes.
We will shift funds from nuclear research into decommissioning and nuclear waste management, and support research for renewable energy sources.
We will not provide any government subsidies for nuclear generation.
We support on-site dry storage of nuclear waste, pending the long-term development of safe alternatives.
Nuclear stations will not be replaced at the end of their design life.
Protecting Britain's heritage
Britain's natural environment and heritage are being gradually destroyed.
We will:
- Clean up Britain's rivers and beaches and ensure that the costs of investment are spread fairly.
We will require water companies to contribute to the cost of national environmental projects.
We will reduce the need for new water developments by setting targets to reduce leakage and by promoting efficiency in water use.
We will introduce a fairer system of charging for water and require water companies to share excess profits with their customers through rebates or investments in environmental improvements.
We will end, within 10 years, discharges that cause unnecessary water pollution.
- Tackle marine oil pollution.
We will implement tougher rules on shipping safety and bring forward the designation of marine high risk areas.
- Reform land use planning.
We will make protection of the natural environment a major feature of the planning system through a new Wildlife Act.
This will improve protection of National Parks, Heritage Coasts, Sites Of Special Scientific Interest and Areas of Outstanding Natural Beauty.
- Green the countryside.
Our proposed new Countryside Management Contracts will help farmers to protect vital habitats and convert to more environmentally-friendly farming methods.
We will use tax and planning reforms to protect rural areas,
encouraging development on derelict land sites rather than green fields.
Thinking globally, acting locally
Most people understand the importance of thinking globally and acting locally.
They want to play their part in protecting the environment.
Government should help them do so.
We will:
- Encourage the manufacture of products that are easier to repair, reuse or recycle.
We will introduce deposit refund schemes and back EU-wide standards for product design, energy efficiency and reuse.
- Help people to choose environmentally friendly products.
We will press for comprehensive and understandable EU-wide ecologically friendly and energy efficient labelling schemes.
Promoting animal welfare
The way a society treats animals is a measure of its civilisation.
We will:
- Promote animal welfare.
We will set up a compulsory national dog registration scheme.
We will halt the trade in endangered species as pets.
We will promote and extend training and qualification for those who work with livestock.
We will insist on the enforcement of maximum time limits and for transporting live animals in the EU, a stricter timetable for banning veal crates and improved rearing conditions for pigs and chickens across the EU.
We will create an Animal Protection Commission to enforce animal welfare laws and improve animal welfare standards.
We will ban animal testing for cosmetics, weapons and tobacco products.
We will review the law in order to reduce the use of animals in scientific experiments and seek the development of alternatives.
- Protect wild animals.
We believe that the issues of hunting with hounds and coursing should be decided by free votes in the House of Commons.
We will ban snares and leg hold traps.
We will press for stronger international laws to protect endangered species.
We will ban the importation of products derived from threatened wild animals.
Which party will make me feel safe on the streets and secure in my home?
Our aim: To give every person in Britain the security of a decent home in a safe, strong community.
The problem: Crime, homelessness and insecurity now threaten the very fabric of British society.
Many people feel too frightened to leave their homes.
Many do not have a decent home.
Our country is becoming more and more divided, our sense of community is being lost and our shared values are being undermined.
Our commitment: Liberal Democrats will pursue practical measures to rebuild Britain's communities,
tackle the causes of crime,
reduce homelessness,
and make people safer in their homes and on the streets.
Our priorities are to:
- Put 3,000 more police officers on the beat.
- Build more affordable and secure housing.
- End, by the year 2000, the scandal of people being forced to sleep rough on the streets.
- Revive Britain's sense of community.
Housing
Boom and bust house prices, a shortage of decent homes and poor housing have wrecked the lives of millions and damaged Britain's economy.
We will:
- Build more houses.
We will encourage partnerships between the public sector, the private sector and housing associations to build high quality homes to rent and buy.
We will, within strict borrowing controls, give local authorities more powers to go directly to the market to raise finance for building new homes.
We will begin the phased release of capital receipts from past sales of Council houses and allow the money to be used to build new homes.
- Give financial security to all, whether they rent or own their homes.
We will introduce a new Mortgage Benefit for first time buyers.
They will receive this instead of Mortgage Interest Tax Relief.
Those holding current mortgages will retain Mortgage Interest Tax Relief.
Our aim is, over time, to merge the new Mortgage Benefit and the current Housing Benefit into one system of housing cost relief, available to those who buy or rent and focused on those most in need.
- End the scandal of people being forced to sleep rough on the streets.
We will ensure that by the year 2000 no one is forced to sleep on the streets.
We will require every Council to set up self-funding rent deposit schemes to help homeless people take up private tenancies.
We will fund more shortstay hostel places as the first rung on the ladder to permanent accommodation.
- Take action to tackle homelessness and raise housing standards.
We will give Councils greater power to act on unfit private housing, where the landlord has failed to do so.
We will strengthen tenants' rights to repair and, in the public sector, give them rights to take part in the management and development of their homes and estates.
Our Empty Homes Strategy will enable local authorities to work with, and as a last resort require, landlords to bring empty properties back into use.
We will end discrimination against those under 25 by scrapping the 'shared residency rule' when assessing housing benefit.
- Bring confidence back to the housing market by targeting low inflation and low interest rates.
Crime and policing
Crime and the fear of crime affect almost every person and every community in the country.
We will:
- Put 3,000 more police officers on the beat.
Within one year, we will give police authorities the resources to put an extra 3,000 police officers on the beat.
We will increase the time the police spend on preventing and detecting crime by reducing unnecessary paperwork and making greater use of new technologies.
- Tackle youth crime.
We will widen the use of schemes that require offenders to repay their debt to society and to confront the consequences of their actions.
We will, where appropriate, require parents to participate in support projects where their children have been involved in juvenile crime.
We will develop schemes that target disruptive children from an early age.
We will reserve custodial sentences for more serious and persistent offenders.
Our voluntary Citizens Service will enable young people to get directly involved in crime prevention schemes.
- Strengthen the criminal justice system.
We will make the justice system work more quickly and effectively and review sentencing policy.
We will overhaul the Crown Prosecution Service.
We will encourage the use of community sentences, as an alternative to prison, where the result is likely to be less reoffending, and use prison sentences where they are essential to public protection or to make punishment effective.
We will concentrate resources on crime prevention and on increasing conviction rates, rather than spending billions on building prisons.
- Focus on crime prevention.
We will require Councils to take the lead in establishing cross-community partnerships against crime, setting specific targets for crime prevention.
We will give Councils powers and resources to support high-quality, targeted crime prevention initiatives.
- Wage war on drug abuse.
We will give the Police and Customs and Excise the support they need to stop drugs coming into Britain.
We will set up a Royal Commission charged with developing policies to tackle the drugs problem at its roots.
- Give victims a new deal.
We will promote restorative justice, under which offenders can be required to compensate victims for the damage they have caused.
We will ensure that the Victim Support movement and the Witness Support schemes play a full role in the criminal justice system.
We will provide victims with the practical support they need to prevent repeat attacks.
- Strengthen public confidence in the police.
We will make police authorities more responsive to local communities by increasing their elected membership and creating an accountable police authority for London.
We will improve co operation between police forces and work more closely with Britain's European partners to combat international crime, terrorism, drug trafficking and fraud.
We will ensure that the police take further steps to reduce the level of racial and homophobic violence.
Rural communities
Britain's rural economy and communities have been transformed over the last fifty years.
The challenge for the next fifty years is to protect and enhance the richness of rural life, while developing a thriving rural economy.
We will:
- Seek further reform of the Common Agricultural Policy (CAP).
We will work to replace the CAP, which currently subsidises production, with Countryside Management Contracts - a targeted system of direct payments to support economic, social and environmental goals in rural communities.
Countryside Management Contracts will enable farmers and landowners to choose from a wide range of options, for example, to improve the rural environment, maximise food quality, protect natural habitats or move to less intensive or organic farming methods.
- Help rural economies through a period of change.
We will, in partnership with the agriculture industry, draw up a national strategy for farming in order to provide a framework for public policy and private decision-making over the next 10 years.
We will promote agricultural research and development, and assist farmers wishing to diversify.
We will promote local processing of agricultural products and expand support for small and medium-sized enterprises in rural areas.
- Tackle rural crime.
We will put more police into rural areas, support Farm and Neighbourhood Watch schemes and give Councils the duty to set up crime prevention schemes with the local police.
We will enable rural police authorities to introduce mortgage incentive schemes to encourage rural beat officers to live in the areas they serve.
- Enhance rural services.
We will support smaller village schools through greater use of information technology and specialist teaching teams.
We will encourage schemes that enable local communities to make use of school buildings and equipment.
We will promote community hospitals and use them for more out-patient consultations.
- Provide more affordable rural housing.
We will encourage housing authorities, Parish Councils and housing associations to set up partnership schemes with the private sector in order to build low-cost homes for first-time home buyers and social needs.
- Improve rural transport.
We will give local authorities the power to improve the co-ordination of local bus services and to reopen closed railway stations, in co-operation with Railtrack.
- Strengthen the network of rural sub-post offices and village shops.
We will encourage the Post Office to invest in new point of sale technologies, in order to provide access, through sub-post offices, to a wide range of customer services.
Where post offices and village shops which are vital to their local community are threatened, we will enable local Councils to support them with up to 100 per cent rate relief.
- Protect the countryside.
We will help landowners meet the environmental costs of increased access to the countryside.
We will take action to reduce the use of chemicals in farming.
- Protect rural areas from urbanisation.
We will penalise the use of greenfield sites, set and enforce targets for greater use of brownland sites and encourage over-the-shop accommodation in market town centres.
We will review the excessive housing totals in the current structure plans and scrap the 'predict and provide' approach to housing development.
- Work to preserve fish stocks and protect the livelihoods of local fishing communities.
Our aim is to scrap the Common Fisheries Policy and replace it with a new Europe-wide fisheries policy based on the regional management of fish stocks.
We will take firm action to end quota-hopping, begin the phased abolition of industrial fishing and strengthen decommissioning incentives.
- Promote safe food.
We will set up a Food Commission, independent from MAFF and accountable to Parliament,
maintain strict controls on the use of bio-technology
and press for higher common food standards across the European Union.
Urban communities
Britain's towns and cities offer civic pride, accessible facilities and, potentially, a high quality of life.
However, many suffer from alienation, joblessness, high crime rates, a run down environment and loss of population.
Urban areas should offer excitement, security and a strong sense of community.
We will:
- Boost local economic development and job opportunities.
We will support local development corporations.
We will build new partnerships between local government and the private and voluntary sectors, to regenerate local economies and promote community enterprise.
We will link local training to local jobs.
We will encourage the establishment of community banks and credit unions.
- Tackle urban crime.
We will expand community policing, ensure that all new planning takes account of the need to deter crime and focus on crime prevention.
- Encourage public transport.
We will enable Councils to co-ordinate bus and train services and give them powers to introduce urban road pricing schemes, using the revenue raised to invest in better public transport.
- Reform and strengthen elected local government.
We will give local Councils greater control over their own affairs.
We will create a strategic authority for London.
We will encourage the use of 'planning for real' strategies, in which local people can make a direct input into major planning projects in their community.
Arts and media
Flourishing arts and a diverse culture are essential for a lively and open society.
They can be engines of innovation that bring life to the economy.
At the same time, the world is experiencing an information revolution as important and far-reaching as the Industrial Revolution.
Britain must maintain a free and effective media capable of being a check on the abuse of power, and of giving people the information they need to make informed decisions.
We will:
- Tackle the concentration of media power.
We will act to prevent media mergers or take-overs, except where these can be shown to advance quality, diversity and access.
We will require the Independent Television Commission to protect the position of smaller regional ITV companies, within the network supply agreement.
- Maintain the role of the BBC as the benchmark of public service broadcasting, committed to quality, diversity and universal access.
We will protect the independence and impartiality of the BBC through its Board of Governors and its licence fee.
- Improve access to information technology and the Internet.
We will ensure that everyone in Britain can have access, either individually or through a wide range of public access points, to a nationwide interactive communications network by the year 2000.
- Increase access to the arts.
We will use the National Lottery to endow, house and improve access to the arts.
We aim to move towards the European average for public funding of the arts.
We aim to restore the principle of free access to national museum and gallery collections, starting with the removal of charges for school parties.
- Promote Britain's culture.
We will promote film production in Britain.
We will actively support the British Council and rejoin UNESCO.
We will enhance the BBC World Service as a national asset.
Which party will care for the NHS and put my patients first?
Our aim: To make year-on-year improvements in the health of Britain's people and the quality of the National Health Service.
The problem: The NHS has been squeezed between rising demand and government underfunding, and disrupted by repeated changes in government policy.
Morale amongst NHS professionals is falling, and bureaucracy has grown at the expense of front-line patient care, while numbers of nurses and hospital beds have fallen.
Our commitment: Liberal Democrats will increase funding for the NHS and secure funding for the future.
We will maintain the NHS as a comprehensive service, free at the point of need and funded primarily from general taxation.
We will immediately tackle the crisis in the hospital sector make the NHS more accountable and begin a long term shift towards preventive medicine.
Our priorities are to:
- Halt all finance driven closures for 6 months, pending an independent audit of needs and facilities.
- Invest £200 million each year to recruit more staff for front-line patient care.
This would be enough, for example, for 10,000 extra nurses or 5,000 extra doctors.
- Cut hospital waiting lists to a maximum of 6 months over 3 years.
- End the two-tier system in the NHS.
- Restore free eye and dental checks.
Raising standards in the NHS
Whilst many of the recent reforms to the NHS have been beneficial, they have resulted in the creation of a two-tier health service.
The standard of health care a person receives is increasingly becoming a lottery.
The length of time people have to wait, the chance of treatment being postponed and the quality of health care vary enormously from one part of the UK to another.
We will:
- Match NHS facilities to needs.
We will place an immediate 6-month halt on the finance driven closure of beds and wards, and set up an independent audit of needs and facilities.
- End the built-in two-tier service in the NHS.
We will end the present system where treatment depends on the type of GP people go to.
We will treat all GPs equally, with a common basis for funding.
We want all GPs to have the benefits of flexibility and access to services currently enjoyed by fundholders.
Those who choose to manage their own affairs will be able to do so on their own or as part of a consortium.
Those who do not will be able to leave management to the local health authority.
- Raise standards of care in all areas.
We will set up a National Inspectorate for Health and Social Care to improve standards and promote patients' interests.
This body will work with the Audit Commission to ensure that all spending is monitored and results in real improvements in patient care.
Funding the Health Service
The NHS is underfunded.
Too much goes into bureaucracy and not enough into patient care.
There is a crisis in the NHS, especially in hospitals.
Morale is dropping, standards of care are at risk from underfunding and highly qualified doctors and nurses are leaving the profession.
We will:
- Invest more in the NHS.
We will invest at least an extra £540 million every year in the NHS to pay for our policy priorities.
This will be paid for by closing the loophole that allows employers to avoid paying National Insurance contributions on certain benefits in kind and by putting 5p on the price of a packet of 20 cigarettes.
We will use these extra funds to tackle the crisis in staffing, especially in the hospital sector, and begin a shift to preventive care.
We will ensure that the NHS budget keeps pace with increasing cost pressures.
- Shift money from unnecessary bureaucracy into patient care.
We will move from annual to at least three yearly contracts between Health Authorities and Trusts, and shift the money saved into front-line patient care.
We will replace time consuming local pay bargaining with a new national pay structure and a single NHS-wide Pay Review Body that covers all pay, from the cleaner to the chief executive.
Building on the best of the NHS
The NHS needs to be strengthened and improved.
We will:
- Cut waiting lists.
We will cut waiting times between diagnosis and treatment to a maximum of 6 months over 3 years.
- Improve the quality of care and raise morale.
We will recruit and train more professional staff.
Our carefully costed plans would, for instance, pay for the equivalent of 10,000 more nurses or 5,000 more doctors.
We will ban the use of gagging clauses in employment contracts which prevent professional staff from speaking out against unsafe standards.
- Tackle the crisis in NHS dental care.
We will require local authorities to ensure that the public has access to NHS dentistry in all areas.
Promoting good health
Britain has a health service that concentrates too much on curing illness rather than preventing it.
A healthier nation and a more cost-effective NHS depend on shifting the emphasis towards prevention, tackling the root causes of ill health (e./ g./ poverty and homelessness) and making people more responsible for their own health.
We will:
- Make prevention a priority.
We will immediately abolish charges for eye and dental check-ups and freeze prescription charges as the first steps in a radical shift of policy that emphasises the prevention of illness rather than treatment.
- Encourage people to take more responsibility for their own health.
We will improve health education and promote healthy living.
We will ban tobacco advertising and promotion and increase the duty on tobacco products.
We will make the Health Education Authority truly independent and free to criticise government policy.
- Ensure that food is healthy and safe.
We will create an independent and powerful Food Commission, separate from MAFF, and responsible to Parliament for food quality and safety.
- Put health promotion at the heart of government policy.
We will require all government departments to assess the impact of their policies on health.
Each year there will be an independent report, to be published and debated in Parliament, on the state of the nation's health.
Bringing health services closer to people
The local institutions of the NHS must become more accountable to those they serve and more responsive to patients' needs.
We will:
- Enable citizens to play a part in setting health policies in their area.
We will build on current pilot schemes to bring together Health Authorities and Social Services Departments, within the framework of elected local authorities.
- Give local people a stronger voice on NHS Trusts.
We will end the right of the Secretary of State for Health to appoint members of NHS Trusts, Authorities and Boards.
We will require at least half the membership of Trusts to be drawn from the population they serve.
We will open up meetings of NHS Trust boards to the public and press, and give local people, staff and professionals speaking rights.
We will guarantee direct representation from the staff of each Trust.
We will give Community Health Councils improved rights to consultation and greater access to information and meetings.
- Give the public more say in setting priorities within the NHS.
Difficult choices about priorities must be faced.
They cannot be left to bureaucrats and health professionals alone.
We will develop new ways of involving the public in setting health service priorities.
Giving patients more choice
Patients should have more choice over their type of treatment, who delivers it and when.
We will:
- Enhance the rights of patients.
We will strengthen the Patients' Charter and include rights to treatment within a specified time, a choice of GP, information about the options for treatment, guaranteed access to health records and better redress.
- Ensure that action is taken to improve poor quality services.
We will enable patients and staff to apply directly to our new National Inspectorate of Health and Social Care to carry out inspections and take action where deficiencies come to light.
Community care
Our aim is to create a society in which people, whatever their needs, can live their lives with dignity.
We will:
- Give people choice in the services they use and the way they are provided.
We will require Councils to extend to those over 65 the right to arrange their own care privately, if they wish.
This will promote independence and enable them to find better value for money.
- Care for carers.
We will introduce a new Carer's Benefit, in place of the Independent Living Allowance, in order to meet more of the financial cost of caring.
We will extend the Carer's Benefit, as resources allow, to those over retirement age and work to improve advice, information, training and counselling for carers.
We will seek to increase access to respite care and ensure that carers and users are involved in decisions about care.
We will draw up a Charter that sets out carers' rights and responsibilities.
- Establish high national standards for all community care services.
Our new independent Inspectorate of Health and Social Care will publish codes of practice for residential and nursing homes, and have the power to close any home that consistently falls short of national standards.
We will introduce national charging and eligibility guidelines to ensure a 'level playing field' of provision and charges.
- Protect people from the excessive cost of care.
We will, as resources allow, raise the threshold at which older people are required to make a contribution to their long-term care.
We are committed to working on a cross party basis, to establish a national agreement on a system for funding care services that does not penalise thrift.
Which party will clean up the mess in our politics?
Our aim: To restore trust in British politics.
The problem: People know that British politics isn't working.
Their politicians have lied to them, their Parliament has become tainted by sleaze and their government is out of touch and doesn't listen.
Our commitment: Liberal Democrats will modernise Britain's outdated institutions, rebuild trust, renew democracy and give Britain's nations, regions and local communities a greater say over their affairs.
Our priorities are to:
- Restore trust between people and government, by ending secrecy and guaranteeing peoples' rights and freedoms.
- Renew Britain's democracy, by creating a fair voting system, reforming Parliament
and setting higher standards for politicians' conduct.
- Give government back to the people, by decentralising power to the nations, regions and communities of the United Kingdom.
Restoring trust in politics
British politics remains far too secretive.
We cannot rebuild trust in politics without making government more open and accountable.
We will:
- Safeguard individual liberties, by establishing a Bill of Rights.
As a first step, we will incorporate the European Convention on Human Rights into UK law so that it is enforceable by the courts in the UK.
We will set up a Human Rights Commission to strengthen the protection of individual rights.
We will create a Ministry for Justice responsible for protecting human rights and overseeing the administration of the legal system, the courts and legal aid.
We oppose the introduction of Identity Cards.
- Break open the excessive secrecy of government, by passing a Freedom of Information Act establishing a citizens right to know.
- Cut back the quango state.
We will scrap unnecessary quangos, handing their functions over to elected bodies.
We will require those that remain to meet in public and to list their members' interests.
We will establish a fair, open and more representative appointment process for all quangos.
- Give people more say in decision-making.
We will make greater use of national referendums for constitutional issues, for example, changing the voting system or any further transfer of power to European institutions.
We will enable referendums to be held on specific local issues where there is public demand.
Renewing democracy
Britain's political institutions are outdated and unrepresentative.
We will:
- Modernise the House of Commons.
We will reduce the number of MPs by 200 (one third)
and introduce tougher rules for their conduct, behaviour and outside sources of income.
We will improve drafting and consultation on legislation, and strengthen MPs' ability to hold the government to account.
- Create an effective and democratic upper house.
We will, over two Parliaments, transform the House of Lords into a predominantly elected second chamber capable of representing the nations and regions of the UK and of playing a key role in scrutinising European legislation.
- Introduce a fair system of voting.
We will introduce proportional representation for all elections, to put more power in the hands of voters and make government more representative.
- Make politics more stable.
We will establish a fixed Parliamentary term of four years.
- Clean up party funding.
We will reform the way political parties are funded and limit the amount they can spend on national election campaigns.
We will make each party publish its accounts and list all large donors.
Giving government back to the people
Far too much power has been concentrated in Westminster and Whitehall.
Democratic government should be as close to ordinary people as possible.
We will:
- Introduce Home Rule for Scotland, with the creation of a Scottish Parliament, elected by proportional representation, and able to raise and reduce income tax.
- Introduce Home Rule for Wales, with the creation of a Welsh Senedd, elected by proportional representation, and able to raise and reduce income tax.
- Create the framework to make existing regional decision-making in England democratically accountable,
and enable the establishment of elected regional assemblies, where there is demonstrated public demand.
We will create a strategic authority for London.
Strengthen local government.
We will establish a 'power of general competence', giving Councils wider scope for action.
We will allow local authorities to raise more of their funds locally, give them greater discretion over spending and allow them, within strict limits, to go directly to the markets to raise finance for capital projects.
We will, in the long-term replace Council Tax with a Local Income Tax, and replace the Uniform Business Rate with a fairer system of business rates, raised through local Councils and set in accordance with local priorities.
Northern Ireland
Peace in Northern Ireland depends on containing and ultimately removing the entrenched hostility between the two main communities in Northern Ireland.
We will:
- Establish a power-sharing executive for Northern Ireland, elected under a fair and proportional system of voting.
We will press for a new constitutional settlement based on the protection of individual rights through a Bill of Rights,
incorporating the European Convention.
- Give individuals more power and political responsibility.
We will introduce a fair and proportional voting system for all elections, and
reform and strengthen local government in the province.
- Ensure respect for civil liberties.
We will introduce an independent procedure for investigating complaints against the security forces, and reform the Diplock system so that three judges instead of one preside over non-jury trials.
We will urgently implement the North Report's recommendations for an independent commission to supervise parades and marches.
- Promote economic growth.
We will strengthen the all-Ireland economy through the creation of effective cross-border agencies.
We will invest in education
and promote inward investment.
- Build on the Joint Declaration and the Framework Document, by working with the Irish Government to create agreement between as many of the constitutional parties as possible.
Sinn Fein can only be admitted to this process if, in accordance with the Mitchell principles, they and the IRA turn their backs on terrorism.
Meanwhile, we must remain vigilant and keep in place the present means for countering terrorism.
Which party will give me the opportunity to make the most of my life?
Our aim: To widen opportunities for everyone in Britain to make the most of their lives.
The problem: Poverty, lack of training, low pay and discrimination deny too many people the opportunity to make the most of their lives.
Meanwhile, the welfare system no longer meets the needs of a modern society.
It locks too many into dependency and, too often, penalises those who wish to work and save.
Our commitment: Liberal Democrats will promote individual self-reliance, strengthen equality for all before the law and in employment, and work for a society that cherishes diversity.
Our priorities are to:
- Ensure that, by the millennium, every young person has had the opportunity to work learn, train and make a positive contribution to society.
- Give women greater opportunities to play a full role in work and in society.
- Ensure dignity in retirement.
- Break open the poverty trap that makes people better off on the dole than in work.
- Modernise Britain's welfare state for the twenty-first century, building a new cross-party partnership for reform.
Breaking the poverty trap
Unemployment wastes the talents and denies people the opportunity to contribute to the well-being of their families and increase Britain's wealth.
We will:
- Help long-term unemployed people back to work.
We will establish a self-financing Benefit Transfer Programme allowing those who have been unemployed for a year or more to turn their unemployment benefits into an incentive for employers to recruit and train them.
The value of the benefit to employers will gradually be reduced.
- Break open the poverty trap.
We will take nearly 500,000 low earners out of income tax altogether by raising tax thresholds.
This will provide lower taxes and new incentives to work, while cutting the benefits bill and reducing tax for 99.
5 per cent of all income taxpayers.
This will be paid for by introducing a new top tax rate of 5Op on taxable income of over £100,000 per year.
We will replace Income Support and Family Credit with a simpler, more efficient Low Income Benefit that increases financial incentives for people going back to work.
- Modernise Britain's welfare system.
We will initiate a comprehensive review of the welfare system to build a new framework for welfare and opportunity, on a cross-party basis.
Our aim is to provide a more effective safety net for the disadvantaged, to encourage work, without compulsion, and to widen opportunities.
- Help parents to return to work.
We will develop a national childcare strategy, drawing on public and private provision.
We will, over time, extend tax relief on workplace nurseries to other forms of day nursery care.
- Establish a voluntary Citizens Service to give people, especially young people, up to 2 years' work on such projects as environmental conservation, crime prevention, housing renovation, social services and the armed services.
- Encourage a flexible labour market, while protecting the low paid with a regionally variable, minimum hourly rate.
- Crack down on social security fraud and tax evasion and shift the money saved into new policies to enhance opportunities.
We will tackle the high levels of fraud and overpayment in the social security budget.
We will stop tax evasion and close off tax avoidance loopholes.
Older people
Everyone in Britain should be able to look forward to a retirement of security, opportunity and dignity.
Old people feel that they are fast becoming Britain's forgotten generation.
We will:
- Guarantee everyone an acceptable minimum standard of living in retirement.
We will create an additional top-up pension for pensioners with incomes below the Income Support level.
This will be indexed to earnings and tapered as outside income increases.
The basic state pension will remain indexed to prices.
We will start to phase out the expensive, unfair contributory system and base the right to a state pension on citizenship and residence.
- Enable people to choose when to start drawing a pension.
We will bring in a flexible 'decade of retirement', between the ages of 60 and 70.
- Protect the rights of older people.
We will legislate against discrimination on the grounds of age.
- Expand private pensions and give people more control over their pensions.
We wish to see more people making provision for their old age.
We will replace the State Earnings Related Scheme (SERPS) with a scheme under which all employees have personal or occupational pensions.
Existing accrued SERPS will, however, be preserved.
We will expand occupational and personal pension schemes by giving all employees an entitlement to participate in a pension scheme of their choice, funded by contributions from employers and employees.
Pension rights will be fully secured if people change jobs.
We will treat pensions as deferred income over which pension-holders have full rights of security, control and portability.
- Abolish standing charges for water and create a fairer system of charging.
Young people
We propose a new deal for young people, in which new rights and new responsibilities go hand in hand.
We will:
- Expand opportunities.
Our aim is that every young person between the ages of 16 and 19 will have the opportunity to either work, learn, train or take a place on our new Citizens Service.
- Restore security to excluded young people.
The withdrawal of benefit rights has condemned thousands of young people to life out of work and on the streets, at great long-term public cost.
We will restore access to benefits for 16 and 17 year-olds.
In the longer term, we aim to scrap the lower rate of income support for those under 25.
- Ensure that young people can learn their rights and responsibilities, with citizenship classes in every school and parenting classes for young adults.
We will give children and young people access to information about their legal rights and obligations, review the age of majority and ensure that young people are represented on bodies that especially concern them.
- Expand local youth services.
We will require local Councils to provide a statutory youth service in partnership with the voluntary sector
Families
Families, in all their forms, are a basic building block of society.
But the nature of families is changing.
This has brought new stresses which must be addressed.
But it has also brought new attitudes, such as the sharing of family responsibilities, which should be encouraged.
We will:
- Give families more security.
We will take nearly 500,000 low earners out of tax altogether, by raising tax thresholds.
We will replace Income Support and Family Credit with a simpler, more efficient Low Income Benefit that helps people back to work.
We aim to improve the support for those caring for older people and people with disabilities.
- Introduce fair and workable child support legislation.
We will repeal the Child Support Act and abolish the Child Support Agency.
We believe that parents should financially support their children at an appropriate level.
Where there are disputes between the parents, these should be decided by the courts, not by an inflexible formula.
We will create a new system of unified family courts to decide these questions, after they have heard all the evidence.
- Promote good parenting.
We will encourage the provision of parenting classes for young adults.
We will increase the role of parents in education by extending home/school/pupil links, and develop home-school partnership arrangements, to assist in addressing the needs of the child.
- Expand parental rights.
We will introduce a statutory right to parental leave and develop Maternity Benefit into a new, flexible parental benefit to be shared between partners.
We will ensure that fostering and adoption law is based on the suitability of prospective fosterers and the needs of the child.
- Help parents to return to work.
We will, over time, extend tax relief on workplace nurseries to other forms of day nursery care.
We will develop a national childcare strategy, drawing on public and private provision.
- Encourage flexible working patterns.
We will encourage job sharing and family-friendly employment practices, especially in the public sector.
We will give private sector employees approaching retirement age, or with responsibili201ties for young children, the right to negotiate reduced hours or a career break.
Women
There is still a long way to go before women in Britain have equal opportunities.
We will:
- Promote equality in the workplace.
We will, over time, extend employment and pensions rights to part-time employees, on a pro-rata basis.
We will bring in tougher obligations on employers to establish equal opportunities procedures and pursue the principle of equal pay for work of equal value.
- Make pensions fairer to women, by working to replace the contributory system with pension rights based on citizenship and residence in the UK.
We will bring forward the introduction of pension splitting on divorce.
- Improve the services that women receive from the NHS.
We will promote equal treatment of the sexes within the Health Service.
We will set targets for the expansion of facilities which enable women to consult female health professionals.
- Make the legal system fairer to women.
We will strengthen the civil law remedies for domestic violence and improve the treatment of rape victims by the court system.
We will seek to improve the provision of refuge places for victims of domestic violence.
- Enhance the role of women in public life.
We will tackle the under-representation of women on public bodies by setting a target that within a decade at least one-third of all those on all public bodies should be women.
We will reform the procedures and facilities of the House of Commons to make them more accommodating to women and families.
Disabled people
Progress in equal opportunities for disabled people remains patchy and unacceptably slow.
We will:
- Guarantee the rights of disabled people.
We will ban discrimination on the grounds of disability and pass comprehensive legislation securing the civil rights of disabled people.
We will draw up a Charter of Rights setting out what our new Bill of Rights means for disabled people.
- Give disabled people more independence.
We will introduce a Partial Capacity Benefit, building on the Disability Working Allowance, to assist those in work who cannot fully support themselves financially.
We aim to increase financial support for disabled people who cannot find work and to make provision for the real costs of disability.
- Improve access.
We will publish a code of practice to improve access to buildings and transport.
We will require government departments, local Councils and public organisations to make their key public literature available in Braille or where appropriate tape.
- Make education inclusive.
As part of our £2 billion investment in education, we will increase funding for, and enforce implementation of, the Code of Practice for Special Educational Needs.
Ethnic minorities
Despite progress over recent years, members of ethnic minorities are too often denied equal opportunities and have to face racism and discrimination on a daily basis.
Diversity, pluralism and a multicultural society are sources of strength for Britain.
We will:
- Strengthen action against discrimination.
We will create a new Human Rights Commission, combining the Commission for Racial Equality and the Equal Opportunities Commission.
We will give statutory force to the Commission for Racial Equality's Code of Practice in employment, and ensure that Britain plays a leading role in strengthening anti-discrimination legislation throughout the European Union.
- Ensure equal opportunities for all.
We will require local authorities and housing associations to ensure equal opportunities in housing allocation.
We will expand access to mother-tongue teaching, for both adults and children, where this takes place through self-help and community groups.
- Free immigration laws from racial discrimination.
We will ensure that immigration policy is non-discriminatory in its application.
We will reform current immigration laws so as to enable genuine family reunions.
We will restore benefit rights to asylum seekers and ensure that asylum claims are dealt with swiftly.
- Increase ethnic minorities' confidence in the police.
We will encourage the recruitment of ethnic minorities into the police force and require action to be taken against discrimination within the force.
We will tackle any discriminatory use of police powers, such as stop and search, and enhance police action to deal with racial attacks.
We will encourage the use of aggravated sentencing for racially motivated crimes.
Lesbians and gay men
In a free and tolerant society, discrimination on any grounds is unacceptable.
Diversity is a source of strength.
We will:
- Ensure equality before the law for lesbians and gay men through our new Human Rights Commission and the Bill of Rights.
We will create a common age of consent regardless of gender or sexual orientation.
- Stop discrimination.
We will outlaw incitement to hatred and discrimination in housing and employment, including the armed forces, on grounds of sexual orientation.
We will repeal 'section 28' of the 1988 Local Government Act.
We will reform the law, ensure that the police and local authorities deal more effectively with homophobic attacks, and encourage police forces to be more representative of the communities they serve.
Which party has the vision to build the kind of world I want to live in?
Our aim: To recast Britain's foreign policy and enable this country to play a leading role in shaping Europe and strengthening international institutions.
The problem: For too long British foreign policy has looked backwards to its imperial past.
Britain's interests have been damaged by an attitude to Europe that has been, at best, ambivalent and, at worst, hostile.
This attitude has also cost Britain opportunities for influence and advantage.
Our commitment: Liberal Democrats will ensure that Britain plays a leading role in shaping Europe, democratising its institutions and strengthening its role as a framework for prosperity, peace and security.
Britain, with its world experience, expert armed forces and permanent membership of the UN Security Council, has a unique role to play in reforming international institutions for the next century.
Our priorities are to:
- Make the European Union (EU) work more effectively and democratise its institutions.
- Widen Europe to include the new democracies of central and eastern Europe.
- Create a strong framework for Britain's defence and security through NATO and European co-operation.
- Give Britain a leading role in reforming and strengthening the UN and other international institutions.
- Promote an enforceable framework for international law, human rights and the protection of the environment.
Positive leadership in Europe
Britain's interests can only best be pursued through constructive participation in an enlarged European Union.
Our vision is of a European Union that is decentralised, democratic and diverse.
A strong and united Europe, but one that respects cultural traditions and national and regional identities.
In seeking to reform the EU, our priorities are to:
- Give the British people a say.
Reform that fundamentally changes Britain's place in Europe should only proceed if it has the explicit support of Britain's people.
If there is any substantial change in Britain's relationship with the EU, the British people must give their consent through a referendum.
- Make EU institutions more democratic and accountable.
We will give the House of Commons a more effective role in scrutinising European policy.
We also want the Council of Ministers and the EC Commission to be more accountable to the elected European Parliament.
We will introduce a fair and proportional voting system for British MEPs in time for the 1999 European Parliament elections.
- Make EU decision-making more efficient and effective.
Europe cannot effectively enlarge without improving its decision-making.
We therefore favour the wider application of majority voting.
But we will keep the veto on all issues relating to the constitution, budgetary matters and regulations on pay and social security.
We support the use of the double majority', especially on matters such as foreign and security policy.
Each member state must retain the unfettered right to make its own decisions on the commitment of its national troops.
Pursuing Britain's interests in Europe
Britain has much to gain from EU membership.
This will take new leadership, a new approach and a renewed sense of national confidence.
Our aims in Europe are to:
- Enhance economic prosperity, by promoting the freedom of movement of people, goods, services and money throughout the EU and by completing the European Single Market, particularly in areas of financial services, pensions and air travel.
- Participate in a successful single currency.
Being part of a successful single currency will bring low inflation and low interest rates.
Staying out will result in less investment and a loss of influence.
However, three conditions must be met before Britain can join.
First, the single currency must be firmly founded on the Maastricht criteria.
Second, Britain must meet those criteria.
Third, the British people must have agreed to it in a referendum.
- Strengthen the European framework for peace and security.
Britain's security and national interests are best pursued in partnership with its European neighbours.
We will work to strengthen European Common Foreign and Security policy to enable greater scope for united European action.
Individual member states must be free to decide whether or not their national forces will take part in any particular action.
- Fight crime and protect citizens' rights through more effective co-operation between EU states' police and customs forces with greater democratic accountability.
We will work to improve European co-operation against cross-border criminal activity and allow free movement for Britain's people throughout Europe.
The administration of border controls should remain with individual member nations until they can be confident that the EU's external borders are secure.
- Reform the Common Agricultural Policy, converting it into a system of direct payments to support economic, social and environmental goals in rural communities.
- Reform fisheries policies, scrapping the Common Fisheries Policy and replacing it with a new Europe-wide fisheries policy based on the regional management of fish stocks.
We will take urgent action to end quota-hopping and begin the phased abolition of industrial fishing.
Strong defence in an uncertain world
The first decades of the next century are likely to be turbulent and unstable everywhere, including within and around Europe.
Britain must maintain an effective security capability.
This will best be achieved through NATO and European co-operation, and this country must continue to play a full part in both.
We will:
- Maintain a strong defence at home
and enable the UK to play a leading role in keeping international peace.
We will maintain Britain's overall defence capability at its current level, whilst ensuring UK forces meet current needs and are appropriate to potential threats.
- Retain Britain's basic nuclear capability through the Trident submarine force until such time as international multilateral nuclear disarmament can be achieved.
We will restrict the number of nuclear warheads on Trident to the same number as previously deployed on Polaris.
- Resist the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction.
We will press for the conclusion of a verifiable Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty.
We will ensure that Britain plays an active part in talks to reduce the holdings of strategic nuclear weapons.
- Support the principle of common security.
We support the extension of the security guarantees, from which western Europe has benefited, to the new democracies of central and eastern Europe.
We support NATO and its enlargement.
Working for peace, security and sustainability
In an increasingly inter-dependent world, the security of a medium sized nation like Britain is best preserved within a framework of international law that is effective and enforceable.
Reforming the United Nations
Playing a leading role in strengthening and reforming the United Nations should be a central aspect of Britain's foreign policy over the next decade.
We will work to:
- Strengthen the UN's peacekeeping capability so that it can take earlier and more effective action to prevent or suppress conflict.
This should include establishing fast track machinery for negotiations; permanent, on-call, peacekeeping forces made up from high-calibre troops provided by member states; the reinstatement of a Military Staff Committee; the establishment of a UN Staff College to train officers; and improvements to the UN's command control, communication and intelligence capabilities.
- Support the establishment of an International Criminal Court to deal with genocide and war crimes.
Protecting the global environment
Pollution and environmental degradation do not respect national borders.
Countries must work together if the world's environment is to be protected.
We will:
- Take a lead in international environmental negotiations.
We will press for tough and legally binding international targets for greenhouse gas emissions and other pollutants.
- Develop a global system of environmental protection.
We will work for the creation of a global environmental organisation.
We will promote an environmental equivalent of the Geneva Convention, to outlaw gross acts of environmental destruction in times of war
Tackling world poverty
The elimination of global famine, pestilence and poverty is not only a moral challenge, it is also essential for the world's long-term stability and peace.
We will:
- Increase Britain's contribution to overseas aid.
We will set out a timetable for sustained progress towards achieving the UN target for overseas development aid of 0./7 per cent of GNP within the next 10 years.
- Promote a timetable for debt relief to the poorest states including a programme for cancelling debt and the creation of new and additional resources for debt relief.
- Target Britain's bilateral aid where it is most needed.
We will focus Britain's bilateral aid on the least developed countries and end the practice of tying aid.
- Require states that receive UK development assistance to respect the fundamental human rights of their people and suspend UK programmes where these standards are breached.
Controlling arms sales
The global arms trade fuels conflicts, hinders prosperity and robs the world's poor of resources.
Its growth must be diminished.
We will:
- End the sale of British arms, war material, and 'dual use' technologies to regimes which abuse human rights, and strictly control arms sales to regions of tension or potential conflict.
- Seek a new international regime to control the arms trade.
We will support tighter EU-wide restrictions on transfers of military technology to non-democratic regimes and press for the establishment of a mandatory UN register, in which all arms sales and transfers must be listed.
- Ban landmines.
We will place an immediate and total ban on the production, stockpiling and export of anti-personnel landmines and work towards a global ban on Iandmine production.
Free and fair trade
Free and fair trade benefits all.
The GATT Uruguay Round has successfully lowered barriers to international trade, but further reforms are needed.
We will seek action to:
- Enhance free trade by further reducing tariff and non-tariff barriers, especially against the poorest countries.
- Improve global labour standards by permitting countries to discriminate against goods produced by nations that maintain practices such as child, slave and forced labour.
We will support the work of the International Labour Organisation in raising labour standards throughout the world.
- Advance environmental objectives.
We support the addition of an environmental sustainability clause to the GATT setting out agreed principles of environmental policy against which trade measures can be judged.
- Reduce trans-national corporations' ability to abuse market power, through the development of a framework for global competition policy.
The Liberal Democrats and your tax
A copy of our Annual Tax Contract will be delivered to each UK household following the Budget each year.
Some of the information which would be included is provided on the next page.
This Annual Tax Contract will be in keeping with our four Tax Pledges:
1.)
No taxation without explanation
Central Government should inform taxpayers of the ways in which their money is raised and spent, just as local councils now do.
2.)
No promises unless the bill is attached
People have the right to know the Government's priorities and how much they will cost.
When we make significant changes in our tax and spending priorities we will tell people where the money has come from.
We will ask the National Audit Office to make sure that additional expenditure earmarked for specific projects is spent accordingly.
3.)
No more tax without tackling waste
Each year we will set out the measures which we plan to implement in order to reduce wasteful expenditure and deliver best value for money to taxpayers.
We will never raise taxes without first scrutinising Government expenditure for waste.
4.)
Fair tax for all
Tax bands, rates and reliefs should ensure that everyone contributes according to their ability to pay and that the tax burden is fairly shared.
We will aim to take more of those on low incomes out of tax completely.
We will clamp down on tax avoidance and evasion.
We will provide a mechanism for people to give their views on tax and spending priorities.
Costing our commitment
- We have issued alongside this manifesto a Costings Supplement to show in detail how our proposals will be financed.
- We will raise the basic rate of income tax by one penny in the pound - from 23p to 24p - to help finance our £2bn per year programme of Education investment.
- We will increase the amount of income which people can receive before they start to pay income tax by £200 per year to £4,245.
This tax cut will be paid for by introducing a new rate of income tax of 50%, payable on taxable income of over £100,000 per year.
Half a million people will be freed from income tax altogether
- We will put 5p on a packet of cigarettes and use the money to restore free eye and dental checks for all and freeze prescription charges.
FOR FULL DETAILS OF THE LIBERAL DEMOCRATS' 1997 MANIFESTO COSTINGS, PLEASE SEE OUR COSTINGS SUPPLEMENT
 How the proposals in this manifesto would alter your tax and the Government's spending
 Main income tax changes
- Around 70% of Adults will pay lower or unchanged income tax under our proposals.
- Around half of all income taxpayers would be better off or no worse off under our income tax proposals.
- Excluding those earning over £100,000 per year, the average income taxpayer will pay only around 45p extra per week in income tax under our plans.
In this manifesto, we have set out a practical, forward-looking programme to modernise Britain.
Its central theme is the widening of opportunities.
And its aim is to make Britain a nation of self-reliant individuals, living in strong communities,
backed by an enabling government.
We do not duck the choices that have to be faced in this election.
And we do not pretend that they are easy - or free.
High-quality education has to be paid for.
As do decent public services and a more secure society.
You cannot, in the present climate, have these and tax cuts as well.
You have to choose.
We ask you to do so.
Your vote can make a real difference in turning our country away from short-term politics towards a more constructive long-term approach.
And with your support we believe we can make a difference too.
Every vote we receive is a vote for better education,
the modernisation of our politics,
a cleaner environment,
a better health service
and more crime free communities.
Every vote we get and every seat we win will ensure that in the next Parliament, Britain, can at last face, up to the challenge, as we enter the next millennium.
LIBERAL DEMOCRAT 2001 GENERAL ELECTION MANIFESTO  FREEDOM  JUSTICE  HONESTY     Three simple words. Freedom, justice, honesty. These sum up what the Liberal Democrats stand for. Freedom – because everybody should have the opportunity to make the most of their life. Justice – because freedom depends on fairness. Honesty – because where fairness has a cost, like investing in schools, hospitals and pensions, we explain how it will be paid for.  This manifesto sets out our priorities: investing in schools and hospitals to cut class sizes and waiting times; extra police to prevent crime and catch criminals; increasing the basic state pension; and providing free personal care.  In Scotland, where Liberal Democrats are part of the government, we have already guaranteed free personal care. We have also abolished tuition fees, and we want to do this for the rest of the United Kingdom.  We will also recognise the professionalism of teachers, doctors, nurses and the police, valuing their contribution to the community. We believe that they must be given the freedom to exercise their professional judgement.  All our policies have a green dimension. So there is an environmental section in every chapter, a green thread binding together all our thinking. Without steps to preserve our planet for future generations, none of our other policies would have much purpose.     A Real Chance for Real Change  The United Kingdom has huge potential. Unlock the energies, skills and talents of its people, and its rich ethnic and cultural diversity, and there is nothing that cannot be achieved.  But we do not want government always telling people how to develop those assets. So in this manifesto every section explains how we want government to stop interfering.  Government works best as an enabler. Its task is not to curb but to stimulate. To enjoy true freedom, people must have good education, decent healthcare, reliable public transport, safety on the streets and a secure income in old age. The state must provide these basic public services to allow all its citizens to achieve their full potential.  Under eighteen years of Conservative government, these freedoms steadily diminished. The sick waited longer for operations. Children were taught in larger and larger classes. Rail passengers suffered the consequences of a disastrous privatisation. Crime rose. Pensioners' incomes fell behind. But Labour has been disappointing, sticking quite unnecessarily for two years to Tory spending limits.  Our programme for government will deliver more. For schools, hospitals, pensioners, the police and the environment, we offer Britain a real chance for real change.  APPLICABILITY AND COSTINGS  This document contains Federal Liberal Democrat policy, except in areas where policy of the Scottish and Welsh Liberal Democrats applies. Separate manifestos set out our agenda for Scotland and Wales. Guarantees represent our minimum commitment over a five-year Parliament. This manifesto also sets out policies to be implemented as economic growth allows. Our ambitions are not limited to these, and are set out in other policy documents. A full costing of our programme has been published with this manifesto. Figures included in both are changes to existing Government revenue and spending plans due to our manifesto commitments. Except for specified items, all Departments will work within current spending plans, unless economic growth allows more. Figures presented are calculated on a UK-wide basis to make comparisons with UK-wide figures from central government and other parties. Different priorities in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland may result in different priorities in practice in the budgetary areas they control.        HEALTH  MORE STAFF, FASTER NHS TREATMENT  Health is a fundamental freedom. No one can fulfil their potential without the best possible health. We will prioritise investment to cut waiting times. But we also believe that it is best to improve health by preventing illness, tackling pollution and reducing poverty.     LIBERAL DEMOCRATS WILL:  - CUT WAITING TIMES BY RECRUITING 27,500 MORE NURSES, 4,600 MORE DOCTORS, AND 10,250 MORE PROFESSIONALS ALLIED TO MEDICINE.  - CUT WAITING TIMES BY RETAINING MORE STAFF THROUGH INCREASING PAY FOR THE WORST PAID NHS STAFF BY AN AVERAGE OF £1000 EACH PER YEAR.  - CUT WAITING TIMES BY PROVIDING AN ADDITIONAL 10,000 BEDS.  - KEEP PEOPLE HEALTHY BY INVESTING IN SCANNING EQUIPMENT AND ABOLISHING CHARGES FOR DENTAL AND EYE CHECKS.  - END THE SCANDAL OF ELDERLY AND LONG-TERM PATIENTS HAVING TO PAY FOR LONG-TERM PERSONAL CARE COSTS  The NHS has suffered for decades from under-investment, most notably during the eighteen years of the Thatcher and Major Governments. Labour promised to save the NHS. Instead, they spent three years unnecessarily locked into the Conservative spending plans which caused the problem in the first place. The new NHS plan falls far short of Tony Blair's declared aim of bringing health spending in Britain up to the levels of our European neighbours.  The NHS still lacks the capacity to give patients the first-class treatment which they deserve. It is short of staff, beds, hospitals and residential homes. Liberal Democrats offer something different based on clear and distinct priorities. Our starting point is that prevention is better than cure.  It is also important to give professionals greater freedom to do their jobs. Labour has tried to control far too much of the NHS from the centre. The Conservatives’ attempt to apply market principles produced inefficiency and inequity. Liberal Democrats will cut the role of Whitehall back and give doctors and managers the freedom to get on and run the NHS without political interference.     CUTTING WAITING TIMES  Lengthy waiting times are one of the worst aspects of the NHS. The best way to cut waiting times is to increase the number of doctors, nurses and professionals allied to medicine. They are the greatest asset of the NHS and increasing their numbers is the best way of increasing the capacity of the NHS. Under the Conservatives, too many left and too few were trained and recruited. Four years on, the service is just as overstretched. There is also now a severe year-round lack of acute and intermediate care beds and the staff to support them. To cut waiting times, we will:  - PROVIDE TRAINING PLACES FOR AN EXTRA 4,600 DOCTORS AND 27,500 NURSES AND MIDWIVES over five years. This means an extra 2,500 training places for doctors and 7,500 for nurses on top of the measures that the government has proposed in the NHS National Plan. We would also provide 10,250 extra professionals allied to medicine such as occupational therapists, podiatrists, physiotherapists and speech therapists. This means an extra 3,750 training places on top of the measures that the government has proposed.  - REWARD LOW-PAID NURSES, MIDWIVES AND OTHER LOW-PAID PROFESSIONALS BY PAYING THEM AN ADDITIONAL £1000 ON AVERAGE EVERY YEAR. We will also boost staff retention by making additional funds available for pay increases for other NHS staff. After taking these immediate steps to help retain dedicated staff, we would set up a Commission to examine terms and working conditions throughout the health service, and to establish a single pay review system to ensure fairness for all staff. After taking these immediate steps to help retain dedicated staff, we would set up a Commission to examine terms and working conditions throughout the health service, and to establish a single pay review system to ensure fairness for all staff.  - PROVIDE AN EXTRA 10,000 HOSPITAL BEDS OVER FIVE YEARS. This means providing 3,000 extra beds on top of the government’s current plans. We also will review the criteria by which PFI contracts are judged, creating a level playing field between different financial options and so ensure there are enough new beds to meet local health needs.  - GUARANTEE BOOKED DATES FOR APPOINTMENTS WITH CONSULTANTS AND FOR SURGERY after the GP first refers a patient.  - GIVE PRIORITY TO THE MOST NEEDY. We will introduce a scorecard system that takes account not just of clinical need but also of the needs of the patient. This would give doctors objective guidelines to help them (but not bind them) in determining priorities.     KEEPING PEOPLE HEALTHY  To support good health it is vital to tackle poverty and to have a clean environment. But it is also important that the National Health Service delivers high quality preventive care. The NHS should not just be a National Sickness Service. We will invest more in early detection and prevention, and in improving the environment. This will not only achieve better levels of health, but also save money in the long run. Liberal Democrats will:  - INJECT AN EXTRA £500 MILLION OVER FIVE YEARS INTO DENTAL SERVICES. The money will be used to guarantee access for everyone to an NHS dentist. We will do so by rewarding dentists' for working in the NHS and offering them incentives to invest in new equipment and buildings, to encourage practitioners to return to NHS work. The British Dental Association estimates that this would bring back the equivalent of 1000 full-time dentists to NHS work.  - DOUBLE THE GOVERNMENT’S COMMITMENT TO INVEST MORE IN THE LATEST SCANNING AND DIAGNOSTIC EQUIPMENT. We will provide extra advanced equipment in hospitals across the country.  - RESTORE FREE NHS DENTAL CHECK-UPS FOR ALL to promote oral health and prevent disease.  - PROVIDE FREE EYE CHECKS FOR ALL to ensure that problems are spotted earlier.  - APPOINT A MINISTER OF PUBLIC HEALTH based in the Cabinet Office rather than the Department of Health to co-ordinate all aspects of public health policy across government departments.  - MAKE MORE TESTS AVAILABLE IN GP SURGERIES AND PHARMACIES for diabetes, cholesterol, anaemia, HIV/AIDS, TB, prostate and colorectal diseases.  - PROMOTE A WIDER AVAILABILITY OF COMPLEMENTARY MEDICINES AND HEALTHCARE THROUGH THE NHS to take maximum advantage of different approaches to health.     CARING FOR PATIENTS  All too often, the NHS fails to provide the care that patients need. Except in Scotland, people in long-term care have to pay for someone to bath or feed them. Drugs available on the NHS in one part of the country are not available in another - the ‘postcode lottery’. Liberal Democrats will:  - PAY FOR ALL LONG-TERM PERSONAL CARE COSTS. The Royal Commission on Long Term Care, set up by Labour, recommended that these costs should be met by the state. The Westminster Government ignored this key finding, though Liberal Democrats in Scotland are using their influence in the Scottish Executive to implement it.  - TACKLE THE POSTCODE LOTTERY which means that some medicines are only available in some parts of the country. We will scrap the present secretive system for buying medicines. In its place we will create a Pharmaceutical Agency to use the purchasing power of the NHS to drive down the price of established drugs and secure the more sophisticated medicines and technologies at affordable prices. The money saved would be used to end the postcode lottery and make advanced and expensive drugs more available within the NHS. Over time, we will use further savings to reduce and eventually scrap prescription charges for all.  In the long term we will aim to:  - INCREASE FUNDING FOR MENTAL HEALTH SERVICES. All people in need of care and support should be assessed individually to ensure that they receive the treatment they need. Our proposals for ending the postcode lottery will ensure that mental health care offers the best treatment with the fewest side effects. This will encourage them to comply with treatment and diminish the risk to themselves and to the community.  - INCREASE LOCAL AUTHORITY SOCIAL SERVICES BUDGETS. This would provide more community care places, improve preventive and rehabilitation services, give further support and respite to carers, and provide more social workers to support elderly people, those with learning difficulties and others.     IMPROVING QUALITY  Patients should have a right to a high-quality NHS. They should know how well the NHS is performing and who is responsible when things go wrong. They should also have access to proper information about their own cases. Vulnerable people need someone to champion them if they are not receiving adequate treatment. The private sector should complement, not compete with, the NHS, which we are committed to making world class, comprehensive and accessible to everyone. Labour have not addressed these questions adequately. When they abolished Community Health Councils, they failed to set up an adequate alternative. Liberal Democrats will:     - DEVELOP PATIENT CARE GUARANTEES, to provide patients with minimum standards of treatment, to which the NHS will be held accountable. We will start by building on existing National Service Frameworks (NSFs), for example on cancer, heart disease and mental health, and ensure that future NSFs incorporate Patient Care Guarantees. We will develop new NSFs on children in care, prosthetic limbs, hepatitis C, HIV and AIDS, palliative care, nutrition, adoption, neurological services, diabetes, maternity services and dentistry among others.  - MAKE THE NHS MORE ACCOUNTABLE by increasing local democracy on Trust and Primary Care Trust boards, giving the Commons Health Select Committee more resources and increasing the powers of the Health Ombudsman to examine policies and initiate inquiries. We will also transfer local responsibility for public health from health authorities to local councils.  - GIVE PATIENTS ACCESS TO INDEPENDENT ADVOCATES. Children, frail elderly people and those with learning difficulties would particularly benefit. There would be a Children's Rights Commissioner to represent children.  - INTRODUCE NO-FAULT COMPENSATION. At the moment, compensation for medical negligence is a lottery. While some are awarded excessive multi-million pound payouts, the length and cost of the process of going to court leaves others with nothing. Our system would be far simpler, with fair compensation for patients and their families, and an end to burdensome legal costs.  - PROMOTE BETTER ACCESS TO SERVICES. If local NHS services do not offer patients the treatment they need, we will enable the patient to use an alternative facility. Choice will extend into use of the private sector – but at NHS cost price.  - END THE USE OF MIXED WARDS so that patients have more dignity when they are in hospital.  - LEGISLATE AGAINST DISCRIMINATION ON THE GROUNDS OF AGE IN HEALTH AND SOCIAL CARE. Clinical need, not preconceived judgments about age, should be the criterion for deciding who receives treatment and when.     SETTING YOU FREE  - STOP GOVERNMENT WASTING DOCTORS’ AND NURSES’ TIME by scrapping meaningless bureaucratic targets. National targets for waiting lists serve no purpose. Doctors, not government, should decide priorities for treatment, using guidelines which allow them to assess patients' needs fairly and openly.     GREEN ACTION  HEALTHY HOMES  We will improve health by requiring an energy efficiency audit to be completed on all homes before sale to promote high energy efficiency standards throughout the housing market. Coupled with our comprehensive strategy to tackle fuel poverty this will mean that everyone can have a warm home. This will tackle the damp and cold which affect the health of millions of people, and reduce winter deaths caused by fuel poverty. With less energy needed to heat homes, CO~2~ emissions will also be reduced.  CLEAN AIR  We will tackle the air pollution responsible for respiratory problems like asthma by introducing incentives for people to switch to less polluting vehicles, reducing reliance on cars by increasing the use of public transport, and tackling industrial pollution. We will also provide better quality information, increasing the number of air monitoring sites for key pollutants in all areas.     EDUCATION AND EMPLOYMENT  INVESTMENT IN EDUCATION –  FOR ALL OUR FUTURES  High quality education is the key to personal freedom. We believe that every child matters. Education provides the freedom to choose a fulfilling job, the freedom to exploit one's talents to the full, and the freedom to contribute fully to society. Education is also the key to Britain’s future prosperity.  LIBERAL DEMOCRATS WILL:  - CUT CLASS SIZES TO 25 ON AVERAGE FOR 5-11 YEAR-OLDS  - RECRUIT 5000 EXTRA SECONDARY SCHOOL TEACHERS TO REDUCE CLASS SIZES FOR 11-16 YEAR-OLDS  - INCREASE FUNDING FOR BOOKS AND EQUIPMENT IN SCHOOLS  - CUT BUREAUCRACY IN SCHOOLS AND INTERFERE LESS IN THE PROFESSIONAL JUDGEMENTS OF TEACHERS  - ABOLISH UNIVERSITY TUITION FEES     Britain has been held back by under-investment in education. Children from poorer families have been particularly ill-served. The Conservatives failed to fund schools and colleges adequately. Labour have done far too little to put things right. In schools, they have invested in paperwork rather than people, demoralising teachers and wasting resources by creating a mountain of extra bureaucracy. In the Higher Education sector, they have made matters worse by introducing university tuition fees.  We are clear about our goals and determined to reach them. Our plans will cost around £3 billion extra each year. We guarantee to introduce the extra funding needed at the beginning of the next Parliament, irrespective of short-term economic growth. We will put an extra penny on the basic rate of income tax to meet this commitment. Growth in the future may allow us to be more ambitious still.  We believe that most day-to-day decision-making in education is best done by teachers, schools and local authorities, not by central government.     EVERY CHILD MATTERS: CLASS SIZES AND TEACHERS  Under the Conservatives, class sizes were far too high. Even the most dedicated teachers cannot give the attention which pupils need when there are more than thirty to a class. Labour pledged to do better, but their reduction of class sizes for 5-7 year olds came at the price of larger classes for 8-11 year olds. The parents whose children were five in 1997 now see their nine year-olds suffering the consequences of this sleight of hand. In secondary schools, classes are larger than they have been for twenty years.  To make a real difference to class sizes and improve standards achieved by all children, more teachers are needed in schools. The Conservatives under-valued and demoralised the profession. Many of Labour's efforts to make amends have misfired. Performance-related pay is a crude and unfair approach to rewarding teachers. Teachers are also burdened with more and more unnecessary bureaucracy. Small wonder that there is now a grave shortage of teachers. Liberal Democrats will spend over £1 billion extra each year to:  - CUT CLASS SIZES TO 25 FOR ALL 5-11 YEAR OLDS. We will do this by establishing a maximum average class size of 25 in each local authority’s primary schools.  - FUND 5000 ADDITIONAL SECONDARY TEACHER PLACES. This will bring pupil:teacher ratios back to around 1997 levels and start to improve on them. We will put particular emphasis on recruiting teachers in shortage subjects.  - GUARANTEE A CLASSROOM ASSISTANT for every 25 pupils in the 5-7 age bracket (Key Stage 1) to improve the ratio of adults to children in infant school classrooms. We will provide 40,000 extra classroom assistants, including 25,000 for 5-7 year olds, compared to the government’s plan to spread 20,000 across all age groups.  - INTRODUCE PAID PREPARATION HOURS FOR PRIMARY TEACHERS. By funding extra posts, we will be able to allow all primary teachers two paid hours a week to prepare and plan lessons.  - PAY TRAINEE TEACHERS A FULL TRAINING SALARY REPLACING THE CURRENT TRAINING GRANTS to improve teacher recruitment.  - REDUCE BUREAUCRACY by scrapping the Teacher Training Agency and giving its functions to the General Teaching Council.  - IMPROVE INFORMATION AND COMMUNICATIONS TECHNOLOGY (ICT) SUPPORT FOR TEACHERS. At the moment, teachers have to spend too much time out of the classroom maintaining computer equipment and so have less time to devote to their pupils. Drawing on the experience of the recently established e-learning foundations, we will establish educational charitable trusts to arrange the lease of computer equipment and services. We will also invest in training related to the use of new science equipment.  - SCRAP PERFORMANCE RELATED PAY. Instead we will link teachers' pay with professional development to boost morale in the teaching profession and improve retention of experienced teachers. Teachers will have the opportunity to take a series of in-service training courses. Each time they pass, they will gain a significant salary increase.  In the long term, our goal is:  - A MAXIMUM AVERAGE CLASS SIZE OF 18 for all secondary classes with a practical element such as science and modern languages     EVERY CHILD MATTERS: BOOKS AND EQUIPMENT  There are still too many schools having to make do with dog-eared and outdated textbooks shared between several pupils. Schools also lack the computer equipment needed to prepare children for the digital age in which they live and will have to work. Liberal Democrats will:  - INCREASE FUNDING FOR BOOKS AND EQUIPMENT IN SCHOOLS over and above existing spending levels. We would provide an average of £1250 per primary school and £4250 per secondary school per year. Schools could choose to spend this money on books Information Communications Technology (ICT) software such as CD-ROMs.  - INCREASE FUNDING FOR ICT AND SCIENCE equipment and purchase and maintenance, and ICT training for teachers within schools, over and above existing spending levels.     WIDENING CHOICE, CUTTING BUREAUCRACY  Under the Conservatives and Labour, schools have been deluged with bureaucracy absorbing far too much of teachers' time to the detriment of their pupils. Whitehall has enclosed the school system in a straitjacket which stifles professional creativity and confines teachers to a curriculum which is too narrow and cannot adapt to local circumstances. We will:  - REPLACE THE NATIONAL CURRICULUM WITH A LESS RIGID MINIMUM CURRICULUM ENTITLEMENT. We will provide for a broad and balanced curriculum including languages, science, maths, the humanities, physical development (including sports instruction and advice on healthy eating), religious education, parenting, citizenship and creative arts. We will increase funding for free musical tuition to encourage more children to learn an instrument.  - REPLACE ALL NATIONAL SCHOOL TARGETS with a statutory requirement for schools to develop individual education plans for pupils, with clear individual targets and criteria for improvement. The quality of the plans would be guaranteed through national value-added criteria.  - MAINTAIN THE KEY ROLE OF LOCAL EDUCATION AUTHORITIES in providing education and guaranteeing standards and in co-ordinating vital services such as the provision of Special Educational Needs.  - ANNUALLY REVIEW ALL WHITEHALL DIRECTIVES. This would result in an annual cull of all irrelevant instructions to LEAs, schools and governing bodies.  - ISSUE ANNUAL REPORTS TO ALL PARENTS ON THEIR CHILDREN’S SCHOOL'S PERFORMANCE. Unlike the current crude league tables, these reports would measure the value added each year by a school, using the test results from a child’s start at the school as the baseline. This will result in league tables that genuinely show how schools are performing. We will also promote school councils to give pupils a greater say in how their school is run.  - REDUCE TESTING OF THE YOUNGEST SCHOOL CHILDREN. We will scrap testing (‘SATs’) at age 7, while keeping it for older pupils.  - REFORM THE SCHOOL INSPECTION SYSTEM. Tough, independent inspection is essential, but the current approach of Ofsted often intimidates schools instead of helping them. We will require inspectors to offer advice on improvement, not merely criticism, and require Ofsted to take account of a school's self-evaluation. We will also establish Departments within Ofsted for each of the various areas which it inspects (such as Early Years and Schools), and ensure each is headed up by someone with technical expertise in the subject.  In the long term, our goal is to:  - REDUCE THE DISPARITY IN PER-PUPIL FUNDING through a minimum education funding entitlement based on the current median level.  - PROMOTE CO-OPERATION BETWEEN STATE AND PRIVATE SCHOOLS. We will encourage independent schools to share their facilities with state schools to spread opportunity for all. We will require independent schools to offer the Minimum Curriculum Entitlement. We will extend charitable status to all schools and maintain the VAT exemption on school fees.     EARLY YEARS EDUCATION  Under both Labour and Conservative governments the inequalities in British society have been increased by the lack of proper early years education. Better-off children, with greater stimulus from the home, pre-school playgroups or from nursery schools, have had a flying start at primary school over those who have not had these advantages. Often children deprived in these early years never catch up. Too much early years provision is still not of a sufficient standard. We will guarantee quality nursery education, which makes a real contribution to intellectual, emotional and social development at this all-important stage in life. We will:  - FUND 1000 EARLY YEARS SPECIALISTS to work with early years development partnerships to ensure that children receive proper stimulus in the early years either at nursery school, pre-school playgroups or at home.  - ESTABLISH A BUDGET TO GIVE ADDITIONAL TRAINING TO NURSERY TEACHERS. This would fund courses and extra supply teachers to cover for those undertaking training.  - INCREASE FUNDING FOR OUTDOOR FACILITIES FOR NURSERIES. Ultimately, all nurseries should have a place for children to play out of doors.  - STRENGTHEN LINKS BETWEEN HOME AND SCHOOL recognising that children's early development depends critically on the relationship between school and family.  - ENSURE THAT THE EARLY YEARS CURRICULUM HAS SUFFICIENT QUALITY AND BREADTH to facilitate intellectual, emotional and social development and ensure that play is recognised as a key component of this process.        HIGHER EDUCATION  Britain's universities have traditionally had a high international reputation. During the eighteen years of Conservative rule, that reputation was threatened by an ever tighter squeeze on resources. Labour has attempted to address the problem of underfunding by the counterproductive method of introducing tuition fees, which deter many students from going to university. Tuition fees also impose great hardship on many who take up university places, and their parents. We are also opposed to the levying of top-up fees. Liberal Democrats will:  - ABOLISH UNIVERSITY TUITION FEES throughout the United Kingdom. Liberal Democrats have already achieved this in Scotland by making it a priority issue and have set abolition in train in Wales.  - REFORM STUDENT MAINTENANCE. We would restore grants for poor students and access to benefits for all during the summer holidays, and raise the salary threshold at which student loans are repaid, in the first instance from £10,000 to £13,000 per year.  - IMPROVE ACCESS FOR UNDER-REPRESENTED GROUPS by tripling the incentive payments for recruitment and retention of under-represented, mature and part-time students. We would pay colleges one third on admission and two thirds on completion of a course.  - IMPROVE SALARIES TO ATTRACT AND RETAIN HIGH-QUALITY STAFF. Our first steps will be to end the unacceptable gap between pay for men and women at universities and to tackle similar inequalities faced by casual and part-time staff.  - ENSURE THAT UNIVERSITIES ARE PROPERLY RESOURCED by opposing any reduction in the ‘unit of resource’ – the money that a university receives per student. In the long term, our goal is to increase the unit of resource.     FURTHER EDUCATION AND LIFELONG LEARNING  Few jobs these days are for life. To succeed as a nation, we need a flexible workforce which is used to acquiring new skills. Access to good quality further education is equally important to individuals as a means of fulfilling their aspirations. For too long, this sector has been at the bottom of the educational pile. Liberal Democrats see further education as an important priority. We will:  - GIVE EVERY ADULT AN ENTITLEMENT TO PUBLICLY FUNDED TUITION. We will provide the funding to allow any adult the chance to acquire a Level 2 qualification (the equivalent of 5 GCSEs at grades A to C, an intermediate GNVQ or a Foundation Modern Apprenticeship). We will fund those aged 16 to 24 up to Level 3 (equivalent to 2 A-Levels at grades A to E, an Advanced GNVQ or an Advanced Modern Apprenticeship). In the long term, our goal is to extend this further entitlement to every adult. All those on these courses would be entitled to a student loan to cover maintenance, depending on their income.  - SIMPLIFY THE FUNDING AND QUALIFICATION SYSTEMS. We will merge the Learning and Skills Council and the Higher Education Funding Council for England into a single Learning Council for England. We will also reform the National Vocational Qualification system to cut bureaucracy and allow students to accumulate credits from different courses and transfer them.  In the long term, our goal is to:  - GIVE EVERY CITIZEN AN INDIVIDUAL LEARNING ACCOUNT. Ultimately this approach to life-long learning would provide the flexibility to access each person’s entitlement to post-sixteen education throughout a person’s life, rather than at times imposed by the state. Tuition would be paid for and student loans would be available for maintenance. This would help, for example, women with children who have to study part-time.     EMPLOYMENT AND TRAINING  Britain is still held back by a lack of skills in the workforce. Without placing unnecessary burdens on individual firms, Liberal Democrats are committed to training programmes which would bring enormous benefits to the economy as a whole.  The recent relative health of the economy has concealed hotspots of unemployment and deprivation in many parts of the country. Labour's efforts to combat unemployment have not always been directed where they are most needed. We will:  - INTRODUCE TAX INCENTIVES FOR SMALL AND MEDIUM-SIZED ENTERPRISES TO IMPROVE TRAINING. Companies eligible would include those working with Investors in People, those introducing a company training plan under the Skills for Small Businesses programme, and those training an employee to master training level. We will also require all registered companies to report on staff training and development in their Annual Reports and Accounts.  - EMPOWER NATIONAL TRAINING ORGANISATIONS TO CONDUCT BALLOTS OF MEMBER EMPLOYERS. This will enable them to introduce a training levy if support is demonstrated.  - ENTITLE EVERY 16-24 YEAR-OLD TO STUDY LEAVE WITH PAY. Employers will be obliged to release their staff for courses which are relevant to their work. The scheme will be implemented in consultation with small businesses.  - REPLACE THE NEW DEAL WITH A FLEXIBLE GUARANTEE OF HELP FOR ALL JOBSEEKERS, administered through a combined Benefits and Jobs Agency. This will be a world-class job search and placement service. It will be equally open to those not on the unemployment register who would like work.  - TACKLE UNEMPLOYMENT HOTSPOTS BY TRANSFERRING BUDGETS TO THE NATIONS AND REGIONS OF THE UK. A proportion of the Government's Employment Opportunities Fund should be administered by the nations and regions which are best placed to spend the money effectively alongside their economic regeneration budgets.     SETTING YOU FREE  - ABOLISH THE EXCESSIVE BENEFIT SANCTIONS BROUGHT IN UNDER THE NEW DEAL. These have done little to encourage people back to work and have made the families of those penalised suffer. We will not impose further sanctions until the effects of existing penalties have been evaluated.  - STOP GOVERNMENT WASTING TEACHERS’ TIME by scrapping directives and targets in education which undermine the professional judgement and expertise of teachers. We will also return the main responsibilities for standards to universities themselves.     GREEN ACTION  LEARNING FOR A GREEN FUTURE  We will increase environmental awareness amongst young people, by encouraging local environmental projects and by teaching sustainability in schools. Children’s influence on their parents’ involvement in ‘green’ activities will relate directly to the aims of our National Recycling Programme.  HEALTHY AND SAFE JOURNEYS TO SCHOOL  We will promote the development of Safe Routes to School, to encourage parents to allow their children to walk or cycle to school in safety rather than driving them. Children will gain benefits for their physical health from the increased exercise. At the same time, this will assist in reducing congestion and pollution during peak times of the day by reducing car use.  GREENER SCHOOL BUILDINGS  We will fund a 'Schools 2010' programme to tackle the backlog of school building repairs. The programme would include environmental assessment of buildings and would promote the use of better insulation, double-glazing and solar panels where possible. We will work in partnership with the Further and Higher Education sectors to develop a similar scheme that covers all educational establishments.     LAW AND ORDER  CUTTING CRIME – MORE RESOURCES, JUSTICE FOR ALL  We all want freedom from crime. Fear of crime blights the lives of many people, particularly the most vulnerable in society. The state should offer all its citizens equal and adequate protection. Our approach is rooted in the belief that the best way to beat crime in the medium and long term is to have effective policies to tackle its causes.      LIBERAL DEMOCRATS WILL:  - RECRUIT 6000 EXTRA POLICE OFFICERS  - FUND 2000 PART-TIME COMMUNITY OFFICERS  - REINFORCE FRONT-LINE POLICE WITH A NEW COMMUNITY SAFETY CONSTABULARY AND BY RETAINING RETIRED OFFICERS IN A BACK-UP ROLE  - CUT REOFFENDING BY PREPARING PRISONERS ADEQUATELY FOR A LAW-ABIDING LIFE ON THEIR RELEASE  - GIVE VICTIMS GREATER RIGHTS TO BE HEARD IN COURT  During their eighteen years in office, the Conservatives pursued a policy on crime which was superficially populist yet highly ineffective. They filled the prisons to overflowing, at a huge cost to the taxpayer. Crime doubled, violent rose crime year after year, and the number of convictions fell. Meanwhile, contrary to repeated promises, police numbers fell during the last Conservative government.  Labour has been trying to sound as tough or tougher than the Conservatives, but it is no more effective. Police numbers have fallen further over the past four years. Labour too often proposes simplistic solutions. Many are impractical or irrelevant. Some actually undermine civil liberties.     POLICE  Our priority is to increase police numbers to prevent crime, to catch criminals when offences do take place, and to increase the current deplorably low clear-up rate. To make policing across the country more effective, we will:  - FUND THE POLICE FOR 6000 MORE POLICE OFFICERS than March 2000 levels. We will fund 2000 recruits on top of the government’s plans to ensure there is real increase in police strength, not just replacing cuts under Labour and the Conservatives. We will also ensure that the police spend more time on front-line policing and provide extra resources to boost retention of police officers.  - FUND 2000 PART-TIME COMMUNITY OFFICERS by creating a new category of part time retained police officers. This would give the police more flexibility. Suitable members of the public and police officers near retirement wishing to continue in work will be recruited, given proper training and equipped for the duties of a police constable. The scheme will build on the current role of unpaid special constables, and free existing police to use their time and resources more effectively. Retained officers will supplement the work of regular police and provide a more adequate presence in areas where resources have not permitted. This scheme will help to meet our aim of creating a network of named local police officers for every community.  - ESTABLISH A COMMUNITY SAFETY FORCE to work with the police by co-ordinating the public safety work of traffic wardens, estate and neighbourhood wardens, park superintendents and other public officials who deal with nuisance crimes like littering, vandalism and graffiti. They will receive special training. This will free the police to concentrate on more serious offences.  - MAKE LOCAL CRIME AND DISORDER PARTNERSHIPS FOCUS ON REAL IMPROVEMENTS FOR LOCAL RESIDENTS. We will give local crime partnerships the responsibility for managing and directing Community Safety Forces. We will also fund the involvement of local police forces in community activities designed to involve ethnic minorities and increase public confidence in all sections of society.  - MAKE THE POLICE MORE ACCOUNTABLE. Public confidence in the police has declined. As well as seeking to improve the visibility of the police and improving police relations with the community, we will create a genuinely independent police complaints system to deal with complaints speedily, efficiently and impartially. We will encourage police forces to be more representative of the communities they serve, and ensure that ‘stop and search’ is based on intelligence and attaches no relevance to the race or colour of those stopped by the police.  - COMMISSION AN INDEPENDENT REPORT ON THE POLICE RESOURCES THE COUNTRY NEEDS IN THE LONG TERM. We will establish a Standing Conference on Policing comprising representatives of all police ranks, the public and experts in policing issues. This will regularly report to government and parliament, advising on the resources required to provide an effective police presence in every community, and the management of police stations and technology. It will also review the use of police time, in particular that devoted to paperwork and court procedures.  - SUPPORT THE WORK OF EUROPOL, the EU police agency, and the establishment of a European police college, subject to proper democratic oversight. We wish to see police forces working together in the fight against crime, particularly international crimes such as drug trafficking, terrorism, customs fraud, money laundering and the trade in human beings for slave labour or sexual exploitation.     PRISONS  The last Conservative Home Secretary Michael Howard famously said "prison works". But half of the people who have served time in Britain's jails go on to reoffend on release. Many prisons are colleges of crime. People incarcerated for minor offences learn how to commit much more serious ones.  Liberal Democrats reject the knee-jerk Conservative approach and Labour's attempts to echo it. We will not be any less tough on crime, but we will be more effective. We will:  - FOCUS RESOURCES ON CRIME PREVENTION RATHER THAN PRISON BUILDING. Prisons are very expensive. There are many more cost-effective ways of reducing crime than ever-longer sentences. We believe that people should be sent to prison if the public need to be protected from them or if this is the only way to punish them effectively. But to release resources for crime prevention and to cut reoffending, we believe there is more scope for the use of community sentences which are proven to work, such as electronic tagging, reparation to victims, fines, drug treatment, and probation orders.  - CUT REOFFENDING BY EX-PRISONERS. Previous governments have concentrated a great deal on sending people to prison, but not nearly enough on what goes on once they are there. We believe that prisoners should put in a full working day in jail. They should also have access to skill training and courses in literacy to equip them for work after release, and be given more support and rehabilitation once they have completed their sentences. We will also use weekend and evening custody to permit some offenders during sentence to enter paid work prior to release.  - MAKE PRISONS MORE EFFECTIVE. We will make minimum levels of education and work, and rehabilitation programmes, central to prison regimes, and set standards expected through Service Delivery Agreements. We will increase the amount of commercial activity undertaken by prison industries. We will also boost the powers of the prison inspectorate so that it can force change, not just report on failure.  In the long term, our goal is to:  - IMPROVE THE SUCCESSFUL RESETTLEMENT OF RELEASED PRISONERS. There should be more use of pre-release assessments of the resettlement needs of prisoners, in particular for the majority who have served sentences, and for whom current arrangements are totally inadequate. The focus of resettlement should be on housing needs, employment and training schemes, and preventing substance misuse.     THE CRIMINAL JUSTICE SYSTEM  Conservative and Labour Governments in turn have attempted to erode the criminal justice system. Labour have been intent on curtailing the right to the fundamental freedom of jury trial, as first proposed by the Conservatives. The Conservatives increased the use of mandatory sentences, taking away judicial discretion to make decisions based appropriately on the facts of an individual case. Liberal Democrats wish to enhance the powers of the courts. We also want to see a greater recognition of the rights of victims of crime. We will:  - GIVE VICTIMS OR THEIR FAMILIES GREATER RIGHTS TO BE HEARD IN COURT. We will give victims the right to be kept fully informed about the progress of the cases with which they are involved. We will also provide opportunities for them to make statements in court about the effect that the crime has had on them after the jury has delivered its verdict and before the judge passes sentence. We will offer victims greater support during the progress of a case. Criminal injury compensation is often inadequate or unavailable and so we will improve the scheme to ensure that the most serious cases receive adequate compensation. We will strengthen support for victims of domestic violence by offering more training in this area to the relevant professionals.  - TACKLE HATE CRIMES. We will establish police hate crime investigation units to coordinate information and action against racist, homophobic and other hate crimes. We will also legislate against hate crimes by widening current legislation to include all hate crimes on the same basis as that existing for racially motivated crime.  - END MANDATORY SENTENCING except for minor offences (such as fixed penalty motoring offences), so that judges and not politicians set sentences.  - RETAIN JURY TRIALS for middle-ranking cases threatened by the Mode of Trial Bill and restore the right to silence.  - ENSURE THAT FOSTERING AND ADOPTION LAW and practice are based on the suitability of individual fosterers and the needs of the child.     In the long term, we will also:  - PROPOSE A NEW WAY OF SENTENCING FOR THE MOST SERIOUS OFFENDERS. We will consult on introducing indefinite sentences for the most serious sex and violent offenders, so that they would only be released following an assessment by the court of the risk which they pose to society.  - CREATE A DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE. This will ensure a separation of powers between the legal system and law enforcement agencies, reform the powers of the Lord Chancellor, and help to provide a fairer system of justice for all. We will establish a review of the legal aid system, to ensure genuine access to justice.  - OVERHAUL THE YOUTH JUSTICE SYSTEM. We will expand reform of the youth justice system to ensure a greater focus on the root causes of misbehaviour, and on education and rehabilitation. We want a greater role for the principles of restorative justice, with offenders meeting their victims, discovering the consequences of their actions and planning to improve their behaviour in the future. Reform would respond not only to the problems caused by child offenders but also to the problems they face. We also favour smaller youth custody units rather than large Young Offender Institutions and would ensure that those young people who must be held are sent to specialised units.        TACKLING THE CAUSES OF CRIME  We recognise that many of the most effective measures against crime are not the responsibility of the police, the prison system or the courts. Our policies in many other areas will have a significant impact on the causes of crime. We will:  - INVEST IN EDUCATION to offer young people more opportunities.  - ENCOURAGE YOUNG PEOPLE INTO CONSTRUCTIVE ACTIVITY by increasing support for sport, recreation and the youth service.  - ENCOURAGE THE USE OF ACCEPTABLE BEHAVIOUR CONTRACTS (ABCS). These will help reduce anti-social behaviour in communities by young people, without resorting to blanket curfews or immediate use of heavy-handed court action through Anti-Social Behaviour Orders.  - EXPAND FACILITIES TO HELP DRUG AND ALCOHOL ABUSERS. We will prioritise funds to aim for a maximum four-week waiting time after an abuser is referred for treatment.  - REPLACE THE NEW DEAL WITH A FLEXIBLE GUARANTEE OF HELP FOR ALL JOBSEEKERS, administered through a combined Benefits and Jobs Agency.  - HELP ENSURE THAT CARE LEAVERS DO NOT DRIFT INTO CRIME by offering them support with housing, education and training.  - ESTABLISH A NATIONAL CRIME REDUCTION AGENCY to oversee and advise on the work of local Crime Reduction Partnerships and other crime reduction work undertaken by central government. This will ensure that those partnerships are effective at finding local solutions to local crime problems.  - ESTABLISH A STANDING ROYAL COMMISSION to tackle the range of problems currently associated with drugs. The approach of successive governments has demonstrably failed. An independent Royal Commission will take a fresh look at the issue of illegal drugs and ways to tackle problems in such areas as health and the huge profits of organised crime. The Commission will also be charged with recommending strategies to address misuse of legal drugs such as alcohol and tobacco, and other legal substances such as solvents.     SETTING YOU FREE  - LIBERALISE LICENSING LAWS. We will replace mandatory closing times for pubs with locally determined opening times.  - MAKE NON-PAYMENT OF TV LICENCES A CIVIL MATTER RATHER THAN A CRIMINAL OFFENCE.  - ABANDON PLANS TO INTRODUCE A PUBLIC DEFENDER SCHEME which would limit the independence of defence advocates.     GREEN ACTION  PREVENTING POLLUTION  We will improve enforcement of pollution controls through an expanded inspectorate for the Environment Agency, to support full implementation of the statutory pollution control regime. This will be reinforced by increasing the level of penalties which polluters have to pay and the introduction of legislation on corporate environmental liability. We will also use these same powers to ensure that biotech companies are liable for any harm caused by GM crops and food.     TRANSPORT  RELIABLE AND SAFE TRANSPORT  A decent transport system is fundamental to an equitable and environmentally sustainable society. We will work to build an integrated transport system throughout the country that is safe, reliable and affordable. Our policies place special emphasis on reducing problems from pollution and congestion.     LIBERAL DEMOCRATS WILL:  - PROVIDE FREE OFF-PEAK LOCAL TRAVEL ON BUSES FOR PENSIONERS AND DISABLED PEOPLE, AND AIM FOR HALF-PRICE TRAVEL AT ALL TIMES FOR UNDER-19S IN FULL TIME EDUCATION  - ABOLISH CAR TAX FOR THOSE WHO DRIVE LESS-POLLUTING VEHICLES  - ESTABLISH STRONGER PUBLIC CONTROL OVER THE RAILWAYS     While progress in other public services in Britain has been disappointingly slow over the past four years, in transport the country has clearly gone backwards. Roads are more congested. Buses are less reliable. Railways are in chaos.  Privatisation of the railways by the Conservatives has been a disaster. Regulation is too lax. Companies do not have the right incentives for long-term investment. The system is fragmented. It is all too easy, when things go wrong, for one firm to pass the buck to another. Safety can be compromised.  Labour has failed to win the case for increased investment in public transport. When the price of petrol went up and revenues from petrol tax consequently soared, the Labour Government should have earmarked the extra revenue specifically for improving public transport. It failed to do so.     REDUCING CONGESTION AND POLLUTION  Many people rely on their car. But it is in everyone’s interests to reduce pollution to protect the environment and to provide a viable alternative to the car wherever possible. We will:  - REWARD MOTORISTS WHO DRIVE LESS-POLLUTING VEHICLES by reducing car tax (Vehicle Excise Duty) on more environmentally friendly cars and motorcycles – abolishing it altogether for the greenest vehicles. We will fund this by increasing the amount of VED charged on the most polluting vehicles.  - GUARANTEE NOT TO INCREASE THE TAX PER LITRE OF FUEL TAKEN BY THE GOVERNMENT, IN REAL TERMS, IN THE NEXT PARLIAMENT. Should the government receive extra revenue from VAT due to increases in fuel prices, we will use it to ease burdens on the travelling public. Our policies for improving public transport and encouraging less polluting vehicles means that we do not need to increase petrol taxes further in order to meet our environmental objectives.  - INTRODUCE ENVIRONMENTAL INCENTIVES FOR BUS OPERATORS. We will reform fuel duty rebates for bus operators so that these are tied more closely to those running more efficient vehicles, particularly those using alternative fuels.  - REDUCE ROAD TRAFFIC. As part of our policies for reducing pollution and congestion we will introduce legislation to ensure that there are stronger targets for local authorities to reduce road traffic. We will also enable local authorities to raise bonds and establish congestion charging and private non-residential parking taxes to promote use of public transport.  - REDUCE FREIGHT ON THE ROADS THROUGH INCREASED USE OF RAILWAYS AND WATERWAYS. We will explore partnership options for developing Britain’s waterways (which are vastly under-utilised at present). We also plan to double the amount of freight carried on Britain’s railways by 2010.     IMPROVING PUBLIC TRANSPORT  Britain’s public transport system could be the envy of the world. At the moment, however, it is expensive, out of date and decaying. We will:  - EXTEND FREE OFF-PEAK LOCAL TRAVEL ON BUSES to pensioners and people with disabilities. This would extend across the UK the scheme currently operating in London and those being developed in Wales. In addition we aim to introduce a scheme of half-fares at all times for under 19s in full-time education.  - INCREASE INVESTMENT IN PUBLIC TRANSPORT. We will enable local authorities to raise bonds and establish congestion charging and private non-residential parking taxes (including out-of-town retail and workplace parking) to fund improved public transport. Priorities for investment include: reopening disused railway lines and stations; developing bus routes, cycle paths, trams, light rail systems, and walkways; better information for passengers through a National Public Transport Information System; Local Authority sponsored car-pooling schemes; and improving the ease with which passengers are able to transfer between different modes of transport.  - CREATE A RURAL TRANSPORT REGENERATION FUND to improve community transport schemes and public transport in rural areas.  - SUPPORT COMMUNITY TRANSPORT, particularly in rural areas, including dial-a-ride, taxi buses, post buses and school buses, by widening eligibility for the existing fuel duty rebate tied into the emission standards of the vehicle. This will be funded in part by reducing eligibility for fuel duty rebate for commercial tour buses.     IMPROVING TRANSPORT REGULATION AND PERFORMANCE   Much of the public transport system is run by private companies. This provides valuable competition, investment and innovation in the sector. But if it is to deliver everything that passengers deserve, it must be properly regulated. We will:  - REFORM THE REGULATORY SYSTEM FOR PUBLIC TRANSPORT. We will establish a Sustainable Transport Authority (STA) which will take over the functions of the Strategic Rail Authority and the existing Rail Regulator and also have responsibility for oversight of bus and coach operators, trams, ferries, coastal shipping and inland waterways. The STA will work to: upgrade safety, access and quality; enhance the rail network; tackle monopolies, particularly taking immediate and effective action against predatory behaviour in the bus industry; develop through-ticketing and timetable integration; improve the safety and quality of rail and bus stations by introducing a Safer Stations Charter Mark scheme; and ensure refunds for failure to fulfil adequate standards of service, including punctuality.     RAILWAYS AND THE LONDON UNDERGROUND  Britain’s railways are in chaos. They are a major casualty of many years of neglect and underinvestment by successive governments. We will work to see Railtrack become a not-for-profit, public interest company, and develop the railway system as the backbone of a modern transport system. In addition, we will:  - SECURE INCREASED PUBLIC CONTROL OVER PUBLIC INVESTMENT IN THE RAILWAYS by ensuring the Sustainable Transport Authority (STA) takes responsibility for the allocation of public funds intended for new developments (as distinct from repair and renewal). As part of this we will prioritise modernisation and development of the East and West Coast mainlines, and a new high-speed East Coast mainline between Aberdeen, London and the new Channel Tunnel Rail Link.  - SEEK TO RESTRUCTURE RAILTRACK. We will ask the Competition Commission to review Railtrack’s activities under a public interest reference so that a suitable restructuring can be imposed on the company. We believe that any changes must simplify the structure of our railway system by using the STA to reduce the number of franchises, and by encouraging Railtrack to pass responsibility for track renewal and repair to the major train operating companies.  - SIMPLIFY REGULATION. We will bring together the role of the Rail Regulator and SRA within the STA. We will also seek to alter the current bureaucratic penalty system into a simpler scheme of incentives. In addition, the range of fares that can only be altered with agreement from the fares regulator (at present the SRA) will be widened. We will create a new independent body within the STA with responsibility for timetabling.  - IMPROVE RAILWAY SAFETY. We will implement the recommendations made by Lord Cullen’s inquiry into Railway Safety. We will create a new Railway Safety body within the STA to take regulation of railway safety. We will also create an accident investigation body modelled on the Air Accident Investigation Branch.  - MODERNISE THE LONDON UNDERGROUND. We believe that the best way to modernise the Underground, without compromising safety, is through a not-for-profit, public interest company funded through bonds.        ROADS  For many people, roads are the backbone of the country’s transport. But there has been too much focus on building new ones and not enough attention paid to the roads that already exist. We will:  - BOOST THE REPAIR AND MAINTENANCE OF ROADS. We are committed to improving the quality of the existing network, with the safety benefits that this would bring. We will undertake road widening and by-pass schemes only where there are clear safety benefits and where, on balance, there is an environmental benefit.  - ESTABLISH FAIR COMPETITION FOR BRITISH FREIGHT COMPANIES. We will cut significantly freight vehicle excise duty, funding this by introducing a daily charge which includes overseas hauliers who currently escape VED.  - IMPROVE ROAD SAFETY. We will work towards a target of at least a 40% reduction in those killed and seriously injured on the roads by 2010. We will implement a National Programme of Home Zones for residential areas, and Quiet Lanes in rural areas. This will reduce vehicle speeds and make communities safer by giving greater priority to pedestrians and cyclists. We will also strengthen the enforcement of weights and safety standards on the road haulage industry.     AVIATION  Travel by air is growing, raising environmental and safety issues. We will:  - REJECT PRIVATISATION OF NATIONAL AIR TRAFFIC SERVICES creating instead a not-for-profit, public body to protect safety in the air.  - WORK TO REFORM AVIATION FUEL TAXATION. We will work at the European level to ensure that the whole system of aviation fuel taxation is reformed internationally, as part of a longer-term strategy for reducing energy use and pollution through cleaner fuels and more efficient aircraft. We will also press the EU Commission to allow removal of remaining air passenger duty on flights to peripheral and less accessible parts of the UK which rely on air transport.  - RESTRICT NOISY NIGHT FLIGHTS AND AIRPORT EXPANSION. We will ensure that restrictions are imposed on the expansion of night flights where these will have a negative impact upon residential areas. In addition, we will ensure that there are clear rules governing future expansion of airports, strengthening consideration of environmental impacts and safety implications.     SETTING YOU FREE  - CUT RESTRICTIONS ON LOCAL GOVERNMENT WHICH PREVENT COUNCILS FROM RAISING FUNDS TO IMPROVE PUBLIC TRANSPORT AND THE ENVIRONMENT.  GREEN ACTION  PLANNING FOR PUBLIC TRANSPORT  OUR POLICIES ARE DESIGNED TO REDUCE THE NEED TO TRAVEL THROUGH BETTER USE OF THE PLANNING SYSTEM, AND INVESTMENT IN IMPROVING PUBLIC TRANSPORT SO THAT PEOPLE ARE NO LONGER FORCED TO USE THEIR CAR UNNECESSARILY. WE WILL INTRODUCE REGIONAL TRANSPORT PLANS AND STRENGTHEN LOCAL TRANSPORT PLANS TO SET EFFECTIVE STRATEGIES FOR REDUCING CONGESTION, POLLUTION AND TRAFFIC GROWTH.  LESS ROAD BUILDING  WE WILL REVERSE PLANS FOR NEW ROAD BUILDING IN ENVIRONMENTALLY SENSITIVE AREAS.  CLEANER AND MORE EFFICIENT VEHICLES  WE WILL PROMOTE TECHNOLOGIES WHICH IMPROVE VEHICLE EFFICIENCY AND THE USE OF ALTERNATIVE FUEL SYSTEMS SUCH AS LIQUEFIED PETROLEUM GAS, AND, IN THE LONGER TERM, BIOFUELS AND ZERO EMISSION VEHICLES. IN ADDITION, WE WILL IMPROVE TESTING OF VEHICLE EMISSIONS AND STRICTLY ENFORCE FREIGHT VEHICLE WEIGHT LIMITS AND OTHER SAFETY STANDARDS BY INCREASING RESOURCES DEVOTED TO ROADSIDE TESTING AS WELL AS STRENGTHENING THE MOT TEST. WE WILL OPPOSE FURTHER INCREASES IN WEIGHT LIMITS FOR FREIGHT VEHICLES.  PENSIONS, WAGES AND BENEFITS  FREEDOM FROM POVERTY  POVERTY RESTRICTS FREEDOM BECAUSE PEOPLE WITHOUT A DECENT INCOME DO NOT HAVE THE OPPORTUNITIES ENJOYED BY OTHERS. MORE NEEDS TO BE DONE FOR PENSIONERS AND THOSE WITH LOW INCOMES TO ENSURE THAT ALL IN BRITAIN HAVE A BETTER QUALITY OF LIFE.     LIBERAL DEMOCRATS WILL:  - BOOST THE BASIC STATE PENSION, PARTICULARLY FOR THE OVER-75S  - SUPPORT DISABLED PEOPLE BY EXTENDING WINTER FUEL ALLOWANCE PAYMENTS TO THE SEVERELY DISABLED  - HELP THE LOWER PAID BY AIMING TO REDUCE TAXATION FOR POORER TAXPAYERS  - PROTECT WORKERS ON LOW INCOMES BY REVIEWING THE MINIMUM WAGE ANNUALLY  - TACKLE CHILD POVERTY WITH EXTRA MONEY FOR FAMILIES ON LONG-TERM INCOME SUPPORT  IT IS A GREAT INDICTMENT OF THE GOVERNMENTS OF MARGARET THATCHER, JOHN MAJOR AND TONY BLAIR THAT ALL OF THEM ALLOWED THE GAP BETWEEN RICH AND POOR PEOPLE IN BRITAIN TO BECOME WIDER THAN BEFORE. THE BLAIR GOVERNMENT HAS TAKEN A DISAPPOINTINGLY MEAN-SPIRITED APPROACH TOWARDS PENSIONERS AND LONE PARENTS IN PARTICULAR.  WE RECOGNISE THAT THERE ARE MANY THEATRES IN THE WAR AGAINST POVERTY. OUR SUCCESS IN TACKLING POVERTY IN BRITAIN WOULD BE MEASURED BY A QUALITY OF LIFE INDEX. THIS WOULD INCLUDE A STATEMENT OF THE STANDARDS WHICH A CITIZEN OF THE UK MIGHT REASONABLY EXPECT TO ENJOY IN ORDER TO PARTICIPATE FULLY IN SOCIETY AND HAVE A DECENT QUALITY OF LIFE.           PENSIONS  BRITAIN'S PENSIONERS HAVE NOT FORGOTTEN THE MISERLINESS OF THE 75P INCREASE THEY WERE ALLOWED LAST YEAR. UNDER FIRST THE CONSERVATIVES AND NOW LABOUR, THE REAL VALUE OF STATE PENSIONS HAS FALLEN FURTHER AND FURTHER. ELDERLY PEOPLE REQUIRE BOTH AN IMMEDIATE SUBSTANTIAL BOOST TO THEIR INCOMES AND A GUARANTEE THAT THEIR INTERESTS WILL ALWAYS BE CONSIDERED NOT JUST IN THE RUN-UP TO GENERAL ELECTIONS.  UNDER LABOUR, THERE HAS BEEN A BIG INCREASE IN MEANS-TESTING FOR PENSIONERS. MANY ELDERLY PEOPLE ARE TOO PROUD TO CLAIM MONEY WHICH IS DUE TO THEM. IT IS QUITE POSSIBLE TO TARGET THE POOREST PEOPLE IN SOCIETY WITHOUT RESORTING TO MEANS TESTS.  LIBERAL DEMOCRATS WILL:  - INCREASE THE BASIC STATE PENSION BY £5 A WEEK FOR EACH SINGLE PENSIONER, £10 FOR THE OVER-75S AND £15 FOR THE OVER-80S. COUPLES WILL RECEIVE £8, £18 AND £28 RESPECTIVELY. WE WILL GIVE THE MOST TO OLDER PENSIONERS BECAUSE THEY ARE AMONGST THE POOREST AND NEEDIEST PEOPLE IN THE COUNTRY. FOR THE PAST THIRTY YEARS, THEY HAVE RECEIVED A DERISORY 25P A WEEK AT 80 OVER AND ABOVE THE BASIC PENSION. WE WILL ALSO REWARD PENSIONERS WHO HAVE SAVED THROUGHOUT THEIR LIVES BY SCRAPPING THE RULES WHICH DENY HELP TO PEOPLE WITH SAVINGS ABOVE £12,000.  - FUND OUR BIG INCREASES IN PENSIONS BY SETTING A NEW TOP TAX RATE OF 50P ON INCOME OVER £100,000 A YEAR. TO PUT THIS MEASURE INTO PERSPECTIVE, FOR MOST OF THE THATCHER YEARS, THE TOP RATE WAS 60P STARTING ON SUBSTANTIALLY LOWER INCOMES.  - ESTABLISH AN INDEPENDENT PENSIONS AUTHORITY. TO GUARANTEE THAT PENSIONERS DO NOT FALL BEHIND THE REST OF THE POPULATION, THE AUTHORITY WILL REPORT ANNUALLY TO THE GOVERNMENT ON AN APPROPRIATE UPRATING FOR THE STATE PENSION. IT WILL TAKE INTO ACCOUNT LEVELS OF PENSIONER POVERTY, THE GROWTH IN EARNINGS AND NATIONAL INCOME AND AFFORDABILITY. WE WILL ALSO ESTABLISH A MORE STABLE ENVIRONMENT FOR PENSION PLANNING BY SEEKING TO SECURE ALL-PARTY CONSENSUS BEFORE MAKING FUTURE PENSION REFORMS.  - STRENGTHEN THE POSITION OF PEOPLE WITH PRIVATE PENSIONS BY ENSURING THAT MEMBERS OF COMPANY PENSION SCHEMES, INCLUDING RETIRED MEMBERS, HAVE A GREATER SAY OVER THE USE OF THEIR PENSION FUND. WE WILL ALSO RELAX CURRENT RULES WHICH REQUIRE PEOPLE WITH PERSONAL PENSIONS TO BUY AN ANNUITY ON OR BEFORE THEIR 75TH BIRTHDAY.  IN THE LONG TERM, OUR GOAL IS TO:  - INTRODUCE A NEW OWNED SECOND PENSION ACCOUNT. WE BELIEVE THAT THE BEST WAY TO PREVENT POVERTY AMONG FUTURE GENERATIONS IS TO ENSURE THAT ALL PEOPLE HAVE A SECOND PENSION OF THEIR OWN TO TOP UP THE STATE PENSION. OVER TIME WE WOULD ENSURE THAT A GROWING PROPORTION OF THE WORKFORCE WERE MEMBERS EITHER OF A COMPANY PENSION SCHEME OR HAD AN OWNED SECOND PENSION ACCOUNT, WITH THE GOVERNMENT MAKING CONTRIBUTIONS FOR THOSE WHO BECAUSE OF ILL HEALTH, UNEMPLOYMENT OR CARING RESPONSIBILITIES ARE TOO POOR TO DO SO.  - EXTEND THE ENTITLEMENT TO THE BASIC STATE PENSION TO ALL CITIZENS. PEOPLE WOULD NO LONGER HAVE TO SHOW A HISTORY OF CONTRIBUTIONS IN ORDER TO CLAIM THEIR BASIC PENSION. THIS WOULD EVENTUALLY HELP AROUND 3.4 MILLION PEOPLE, MAINLY WOMEN, CARERS AND LONG-TERM DISABLED PEOPLE.     LOW PAY AND BENEFITS  THERE IS A GREAT DEAL OF TALK ABOUT SCROUNGERS ON THE WELFARE STATE. LIBERAL DEMOCRATS WILL BE VIGILANT AGAINST THOSE WHO SEEK TO CHEAT THE SYSTEM. EQUALLY, THERE ARE MANY PEOPLE IN BRITAIN WHO ARE IN NEED WHO HAVE TO DEPEND ON THE STATE. AMONG THEM ARE LOW-PAID WORKERS WITH FAMILIES, LONE PARENTS AND CHILDREN. WE WILL:  - PROTECT WORKERS ON LOW INCOMES BY REVIEWING THE NATIONAL MINIMUM WAGE ANNUALLY ON THE BASIS OF RECOMMENDATIONS FROM THE LOW PAY COMMISSION. THE MINIMUM WAGE HAS PROVED AN EFFECTIVE WAY OF PROTECTING WORKERS ON LOW INCOMES, WITHOUT CAUSING DAMAGE TO BUSINESS. WE BELIEVE IT IS WRONG TO SET A LOWER RATE MINIMUM WAGE FOR WORKERS UNDER 21. WE WILL SET THE SAME RATE FOR ALL PEOPLE AGED 16 AND OVER.  - ALLEVIATE CHILD POVERTY BY PAYING AN ADDITIONAL £200 PER YEAR TO ALL FAMILIES WITH CHILDREN WHO HAVE BEEN ON INCOME SUPPORT FOR MORE THAN A YEAR. SUCH CHILDREN SUFFER FROM THE POVERTY THEIR PARENTS FIND THEMSELVES IN. WE WILL ALSO ABOLISH THE CHILD SUPPORT AGENCY, WHICH HAS CAUSED UNJUSTIFIABLE HARDSHIP TO SO MANY PEOPLE, AND REPLACE IT WITH A SYSTEM OF FAMILY COURTS. THEIR MAINTENANCE ASSESSMENTS WILL BE STRONGLY ENFORCED AND WILL SUPPLANT THE ROUGH JUSTICE OF THE CURRENT CRUDE AND SIMPLISTIC FORMULA.  - SUPPORT YOUNG PEOPLE AND REDUCE HOMELESSNESS BY RESTORING 16 AND 17 YEAR-OLDS’ ENTITLEMENTS TO BENEFITS AND BY INCREASING HOUSING BENEFIT FOR THE UNDER-25S BY ENDING THE SINGLE ROOM RENT RESTRICTION WHICH EFFECTIVELY REQUIRES THEM TO SHARE ACCOMMODATION.  - PROVIDE MORE SUPPORT FOR DISABLED PEOPLE. WE WILL SUPPORT SEVERELY DISABLED PEOPLE BY BRINGING THEM WITHIN THE SCOPE OF THE WINTER FUEL PAYMENT SYSTEM. WE ALSO BELIEVE THAT THE BENEFITS SYSTEM SHOULD RECOGNISE WHAT DISABLED PEOPLE CAN DO RATHER THAN REQUIRING THEM TO PROVE WHAT THEY CANNOT. IN PARTICULAR, WE WILL INVESTIGATE THE FEASIBILITY OF INTRODUCING A PARTIAL CAPACITY BENEFIT FOR THOSE ABLE TO DO SOME WORK.  - SIMPLIFY HOUSING BENEFIT ADMINISTRATION AND REDUCE THE SCOPE FOR BENEFIT FRAUD BY REQUIRING ALL LOCAL AUTHORITIES TO ADOPT EFFECTIVE ANTI-FRAUD STRATEGIES.  - END DISCRIMINATION IN GAS, WATER AND ELECTRICITY CHARGES ENCOURAGING THE REGULATOR TO OFFER A WIDER TARIFF CHOICE WHICH HELPS THE POOREST PEOPLE IN SOCIETY. AT THE MOMENT, FOR INSTANCE, HOUSEHOLDS WHICH USE PRE-PAYMENT METERS END UP PAYING HIGHER RATES THAN OTHER USERS. WE WILL ALSO SEEK TO HAVE STANDING CHARGES REPLACED WITH A BANDED SYSTEM OF CHARGING TO PROTECT POOR HOUSEHOLDS AND ENCOURAGE HIGH USERS TO CONSERVE ENERGY.  - MAKE COLD WEATHER PAYMENTS TO PEOPLE RECEIVING INCOME SUPPORT MORE EFFECTIVE BY ENSURING THAT THEY TAKE ACCOUNT OF ‘WIND CHILL’ WHICH IS CURRENTLY OVERLOOKED. WE WILL ALSO SEEK TO TAKE PROPER ACCOUNT OF LOCAL WEATHER CONDITIONS.  IN THE LONG TERM, OUR GOAL IS TO:  - REMOVE TAXATION FOR THE LOWEST PAID. WE BELIEVE THAT PEOPLE START PAYING TAX AT TOO LOW A LEVEL AND WILL WORK TO REDUCE THE BURDEN OF TAXATION ON THE LOW PAID. OVER TIME, WE WILL CUT THE 10P TAX RATE TO ZERO SO NOBODY PAYS ANY TAX ON THEIR EARNINGS UP TO £6,500. AT PRESENT, THIS WOULD TAKE 1.4 MILLION PEOPLE ON LOW INCOMES (1.1 MILLION OF WHOM ARE WOMEN) OUT OF TAX ALTOGETHER. ANYONE EARNING LESS THAN £25,000 WOULD PAY LESS TAX – EVEN ALLOWING FOR OUR 1P FOR EDUCATION.  - ESTABLISH A MINIMUM INCOME STANDARD AFTER CARRYING OUT RESEARCH TO ESTABLISH THE APPROPRIATE AMOUNT.  - MAKE THE SOCIAL FUND MORE EFFECTIVE BY SHIFTING THE BALANCE FROM DISCRETIONARY LOANS TO GRANTS.     SETTING YOU FREE  - ABOLISH THE BENEFIT SANCTIONS WHICH WERE BROUGHT IN UNDER THE NEW DEAL. THESE HAVE PLACED HARSH BURDENS ON POOR PEOPLE AND IN MANY CASES, THE CHILDREN OF THOSE PENALISED ARE THE ONES WHO SUFFER THE MOST. WE WILL NOT IMPOSE FURTHER PENALTIES UNTIL THE EFFECTS OF PENALTIES HAVE BEEN EVALUATED.     GREEN ACTION  ERADICATING FUEL POVERTY  OUR HOMES INSULATION PROGRAMME, TO PROVIDE DECENT LEVELS OF HOME INSULATION WITHIN 15 YEARS BY SPEEDING UP THE CURRENT 30-YEAR PROGRAMME FUNDED BY THE ENERGY UTILITIES, WILL ALSO CUT FUEL BILLS. THIS WILL BE ACHIEVED THROUGH A TARGETED PROGRAMME OF INVESTMENT FUNDED BY THE ENERGY SAVINGS TRUST AND THE ENERGY SUPPLY COMPANIES. WE WILL WORK WITH COLLEAGUES IN EUROPE TO AGREE ZERO-RATING OF VAT ON ALL ENERGY CONSERVATION MATERIALS WITHIN THE EU. WE WILL CUT FUEL BILLS AND REDUCE POLLUTION BY REQUIRING ALL NEW HOUSING TO MEET IMPROVED ENERGY AND WATER EFFICIENCY STANDARDS THROUGH THE USE OF ENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY BUILDING MATERIALS AND TECHNIQUES.     INNOVATION IN CULTURE, ARTS AND SPORT  OPPORTUNITIES FOR EVERYONE  EVERYONE SHOULD HAVE A FREEDOM TO EXPLORE THEIR TALENTS AND EXPERIENCE THE TALENTS OF OTHERS. THE ARTS AND SPORT MAKE A HUGE CONTRIBUTION TO OUR SOCIETY. THEY PLAY AN IMPORTANT ROLE IN BOTH EDUCATION AND THE ECONOMY AND ARE A MEANS OF PROMOTING SOCIAL INCLUSION.  LIBERAL DEMOCRATS WILL:  - PLACE THE ARTS AT THE HEART OF SCHOOL EDUCATION  - SUPPORT COMMUNITY SPORTS PLANS  - PROMOTE DIVERSITY IN CULTURE, THE ARTS AND SPORT     ARTS AND CULTURE  RECENT GOVERNMENTS HAVE NOT GIVEN THE ARTS AND SPORT THE PRIORITY WHICH THEY DESERVE. OUR GOAL IS TO MAKE A SUBSTANTIAL INCREASE IN INVESTMENT IN THE ARTS TO ENHANCE PUBLIC ACCESS, PERFORMANCE OPPORTUNITIES AND ARTISTIC INNOVATION. WE WILL:  - GIVE ALL PUPILS AN ENTITLEMENT TO ARTS EDUCATION THROUGHOUT THEIR SCHOOL CAREERS. WE WILL RECRUIT AND TRAIN MORE SPECIALIST ART TEACHERS AND ENSURE THAT ALL PRIMARY TEACHERS ARE WELL TRAINED IN THE ARTS. WE WILL RESTORE FUNDING FOR FREE INSTRUMENTAL TUITION TO AT LEAST 1990 LEVELS, GIVING MANY MORE PUPILS THE CHANCE TO LEARN AN INSTRUMENT ONCE AGAIN.  - PROTECT OUR CULTURAL HERITAGE BY LOWERING THE COST OF MAINTAINING LISTED BUILDINGS. WE WILL DO THIS BY CUTTING VAT ON RENOVATION AND REPAIRS, PAID FOR BY INTRODUCING VAT, AT THE SAME LOW LEVEL, ON NEW BUILDING.  - ENCOURAGE ARTISTS AND ARTISTIC DIVERSITY. WE WILL SUPPORT ARTISTS BY MAINTAINING THE SUPPORT PROVIDED BY SCHEDULE D TAXATION. WE WILL ESTABLISH A FUND TO BRING ARTISTS TO SCHOOLS, HOSPITALS AND PRISONS.  - INCREASE THE POWERS OF REGIONAL ARTS BOARDS. WE WILL DEVOLVE ALL FUNDING DECISIONS, EXCEPT THOSE INVOLVING NATIONAL COMPANIES, FROM THE DEPARTMENT OF CULTURE MEDIA AND SPORT TO THE REGIONAL ARTS BOARDS.  - DEVELOP THE USE OF LIBRARIES BY MAKING THEM CENTRES FOR FREE INTERNET ACCESS.  - INVEST IN LOCAL LIBRARIES, ARTS AND MUSEUMS BY REPLACING THE MILLENNIUM COMMISSION WITH A LOCAL INITIATIVES FUND WHICH WOULD GIVE GRANTS TO SUPPORT LIBRARIES, MUSEUMS AND GALLERIES IN COMMUNITIES ACROSS BRITAIN. WE WILL RESTORE THE PRINCIPLE THAT LOTTERY CASH SHOULD NOT FUND SERVICES MORE PROPERLY PROVIDED THROUGH TAXATION, AND ENSURE THAT ALL LOTTERY MONEY GOES TO THE ARTS, CHARITY, SPORT, HERITAGE AND LOCAL CULTURAL INSTITUTIONS.        BROADCASTING  HIGH-QUALITY TELEVISION AND RADIO ARE ESSENTIAL COMPONENTS OF A MODERN DEMOCRACY AND OF A MODERN CIVILISED SOCIETY. BUT AS MEDIA OUTLETS MULTIPLY, THE CURRENT SYSTEM OF REGULATION IS INCREASINGLY INEFFECTIVE. THIS IS EXACERBATED BY THE COMPLICATED AND OFTEN OVERLAPPING ROLES OF MANY DIFFERENT REGULATORS. WE WILL:  - CREATE A SINGLE OFFICE OF COMMUNICATIONS (OFCOM) WITH THE FLEXIBILITY TO REGULATE EMERGING COMMUNICATIONS TECHNOLOGIES AND ENSURE SERVICE PROVISION ACROSS THE COUNTRY.  - REDEFINE PUBLIC SERVICE BROADCASTING INCLUDING BREADTH AND QUALITY OF OUTPUT, DISTINCT REGIONAL OUTPUT AND FREE-TO-AIR STATUS. OFCOM WOULD ENSURE THAT THESE STANDARDS ARE MAINTAINED INTO THE FUTURE. CHANNELS COULD APPLY TO BE DESIGNATED PUBLIC SERVICE BROADCASTERS, REGULATED BY OFCOM, WHICH WOULD THEN GUARANTEE THEM THE RIGHT TO BE CARRIED ON ALL PLATFORMS ON A PROFIT-FREE BASIS.  - GUARANTEE THE EDITORIAL INDEPENDENCE OF THE BBC, ABOLISHING THE GOVERNMENT APPOINTED BOARD OF GOVERNORS, AND REQUIRING OFCOM TO RECOMMEND A NEW STRUCTURE FOR RUNNING THE BBC, BUT REQUIRING FINANCIAL ACCOUNTABILITY THROUGH THE NATIONAL AUDIT OFFICE.  - CREATE AN ADDITIONAL TV WATERSHED AT 11PM SO THAT PROGRAMMES HIGHLY UNSUITABLE FOR CHILDREN COULD NOT BE BROADCAST UNTIL AT LEAST TWO HOURS AFTER THE EXISTING 9PM WATERSHED.  - SIMPLIFY BUT TIGHTEN RULES GOVERNING CROSS-MEDIA OWNERSHIP TO ENSURE IT IS NOT CONCENTRATED IN THE HANDS OF TOO FEW.     SPORT  SPORT PLAYS AN IMPORTANT ROLE IN OUR AIM OF RAISING THE OVERALL QUALITY OF LIFE OF ALL THE COUNTRY’S CITIZENS. PARTICIPATION IN SPORT RAISES LEVELS OF FITNESS AND HEALTH, AND HELPS TO FOSTER LOCAL AND NATIONAL PRIDE. WE WILL:  - PROMOTE COMMUNITY SPORTS PLANS. THESE WILL STIMULATE LOCAL AUTHORITIES, SCHOOLS AND SPORTS CLUBS TO SHARE FACILITIES, WHICH THEY LACK DUE TO SCHOOL FIELDS BEING SOLD OFF, AND INCLUDE PROVISIONS TO SUPPORT SO-CALLED MINORITY SPORTS.  - DEVELOP SPORT IN SCHOOLS. OUR SIMPLER MINIMUM CURRICULUM ENTITLEMENT REPLACING THE NATIONAL CURRICULUM WILL ALLOW GREATER PROVISION OF SPORT AND PHYSICAL EDUCATION IN SCHOOLS.  SETTING YOU FREE  - STREAMLINE GOVERNMENT INVOLVEMENT IN THE ARTS BY ABOLISHING QUEST (QUALITY, EFFICIENCY AND STANDARDS TEAM).  - REDUCE INTERFERENCE BY CENTRAL GOVERNMENT IN CULTURE AND ARTS BY DECENTRALISING DECISION-MAKING POWERS AND FUNDING IN ENGLAND IN ORDER TO PROMOTE COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT IN THE ARTS. WE WILL ALSO PROTECT THE INDEPENDENCE OF TRUSTEES OF MUSEUMS AND GALLERIES.  - REMOVE THE ANOMALY OF HOME OFFICE REGULATION OF FILM AND VIDEO. WE WILL PASS THIS RESPONSIBILITY TO THE DEPARTMENT OF CULTURE, MEDIA AND SPORT, WHICH OVERSEES ALL CREATIVE INDUSTRIES.     GREEN ACTION  BRING ART AND SPORT TO THE CENTRE OF COMMUNITIES  OUR COMMUNITY ARTS AND SPORTS FUND, ALONGSIDE OUR PLANS TO CUT VAT ON RENOVATION AND REDEVELOPMENT WILL HELP WITH THE COST OF RESTORING AND DEVELOPING SUSTAINABLE ARTS AND SPORTS FACILITIES WITHIN LOCAL COMMUNITIES WHERE THEY ARE EASILY ACCESSIBLE.     BUSINESS, CONSUMERS AND INNOVATION  PROTECTING CONSUMERS  AND BACKING BUSINESS  LIBERAL DEMOCRATS ARE COMMITTED TO A FREE MARKET ECONOMY IN WHICH ENTERPRISE THRIVES. COMPETITION AND OPEN MARKETS ARE BY FAR THE BEST GUARANTEE OF WEALTH CREATION. IT IS THE GOVERNMENT'S ROLE TO ENSURE THE CONDITIONS UNDER WHICH INNOVATION AND COMPETITION CAN FLOURISH AND BENEFIT THE GREATEST NUMBER OF PEOPLE.  LIBERAL DEMOCRATS WILL:  - EASE THE BURDENS ON BUSINESS  - DEFEND CONSUMERS AGAINST THE POWER OF MONOPOLIES  - PROMOTE INNOVATION AND TRAINING IN NEW TECHNOLOGY     THE UK NOW OPERATES IN A GLOBAL MARKET IN WHICH INTERNATIONAL COMPETITION IS INTENSE. LIBERAL DEMOCRATS’ SOCIAL OBJECTIVES CANNOT BE ACHIEVED WITHOUT THE CREATION OF WEALTH AND THE PROMOTION OF ENTERPRISE. THE CONSERVATIVES HAVE ALWAYS POSED AS THE CHAMPIONS OF ENTERPRISE. BUT TOO OFTEN THEY HAVE IN FACT DEFENDED VESTED INTERESTS AND MONOPOLY POWER. LABOUR HAS OVER-REGULATED IN SOME AREAS AND UNDER-REGULATED IN OTHERS. NEITHER PARTY HAS REALLY BACKED NEW ENTERPRISE AND NEW IDEAS. SMALL BUSINESSES HAVE TO DEAL WITH AN AVALANCHE OF RED TAPE, WHILE THE UTILITY AND RAILWAY COMPANIES HAVE BEEN ALLOWED TO GET AWAY WITH FAR TOO MUCH.  LIBERAL DEMOCRATS SEEK TO ENCOURAGE INNOVATION AND RISK-TAKING, PROTECT THE RIGHTS OF CONSUMERS AND WORKERS, AND SAFEGUARD THE ENVIRONMENT. WE ALSO WANT TO MAINTAIN THE CITY OF LONDON’S PRE-EMINENCE AS AN INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL CENTRE.     BUSINESS  BUSINESS PEOPLE WANT TO GET ON WITH RUNNING THEIR COMPANIES, CREATING WEALTH AND PROVIDING MORE OPPORTUNITIES FOR THEIR STAFF. THEY SHOULD NOT HAVE TO SPEND LARGE AMOUNTS OF THEIR TIME ACTING AS AGENTS FOR THE GOVERNMENT, COPING WITH INTERMINABLE REGULATIONS AND FILLING IN ENDLESS FORMS. WE WILL:  - SCRAP UNNECESSARY BUSINESS REGULATIONS. WE HAVE PUBLISHED A LIST OF 25 SPECIFIC MAJOR REGULATIONS WHICH WE WILL SCRAP. WE BELIEVE ANY NEW REGULATIONS SHOULD BE SUBJECT TO A "SUNSET CLAUSE", SETTING A DEADLINE AFTER WHICH THEY WOULD AUTOMATICALLY LAPSE. WE WILL ALSO CONSULT BUSINESS BEFORE INTRODUCING ANY NEW MEASURES.  - CUT BUSINESS RATES ON SMALL BUSINESSES BY INTRODUCING A BUSINESS RATES ALLOWANCE, SIMILAR TO PERSONAL TAX ALLOWANCES. THIS TAX-FREE ALLOWANCE WOULD BE SET AT £1500 AND APPLY TO ALL SMALL BUSINESSES. WITH LARGER BUSINESSES PAYING A LITTLE MORE TO COVER THE COST OF THE SCHEME, SMALLER BUSINESSES WILL PAY LESS.  - PROMOTE DIVERSITY OF OWNERSHIP. WE WILL INITIATE A REVIEW OF POLICY GOVERNING MUTUAL OWNERSHIP OF BUILDING SOCIETIES, INSURANCE COMPANIES AND CREDIT UNIONS TO ENCOURAGE AND DEVELOP THEM. WE WILL ALSO REVIEW LEGISLATION IN ORDER TO STIMULATE EMPLOYEE SHARE OWNERSHIP AND COOPERATIVES.  - INVEST IN A KNOWLEDGE-BASED ECONOMY THROUGH RESEARCH. SCIENTIFIC RESEARCH IS THE CORNERSTONE TO A SUCCESSFUL KNOWLEDGE-BASED ECONOMY. WE WELCOME THE EXTRA RESOURCES THE SECTOR HAS ALREADY SEEN AS A RESULT OF PARTNERSHIP WITH CHARITIES AND WILL FURTHER THIS BY INCREASING GOVERNMENT INVESTMENT IN SCIENTIFIC RESEARCH, PAID FOR BY STOPPING TAXPAYERS’ MONEY BEING USED TO HELP FINANCE ARMS EXPORTS. WE WOULD GIVE PRIORITY TO RESEARCH ON CLIMATE CHANGE MITIGATION AND CLEANER PRODUCTION AND CONSUMPTION TECHNIQUES, AND SET UP AN ACADEMY OF BRITISH INVENTION. THIS WILL BE FUNDED BY STOPPING THE EXPORT CREDIT GUARANTEE DEPARTMENT USING TAXPAYERS' MONEY TO SUPPORT ARMS EXPORTS.  - ENCOURAGE ETHICAL BUSINESS PRACTICE. WE WANT THE UK TO PLAY A LEADING ROLE IN SEEING THE OECD ANTI-BRIBERY CONVENTION IMPLEMENTED WORLD-WIDE. WE WILL ENCOURAGE ETHICAL SHAREHOLDING BY REFORMING CORPORATE GOVERNANCE TO ENHANCE STAKEHOLDERS' RIGHTS. WE WILL REQUIRE THE LARGEST COMPANIES TO REPORT ON THEIR SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL PERFORMANCE.  - ENCOURAGE INNOVATION BY MEASURES INCLUDING PROMOTING LINKS BETWEEN ACADEMIC AND INDUSTRIAL RESEARCH AND STRENGTHENING THE ROLES OF LOCAL AND REGIONAL AUTHORITIES TO STIMULATE DEVELOPMENT AND IMPLEMENTATION.  CONSUMERS  CONSUMERS SHOULD HAVE AS MUCH CHOICE AS POSSIBLE, BUT MORE AND MORE OWNERSHIP IS CONCENTRATED IN THE HANDS OF FEWER AND FEWER COMPANIES. THIS HAS BEEN PARTICULARLY TRUE IN FIELDS LIKE BANKING, TELECOMMUNICATIONS, BROADCASTING AND CIVIL AVIATION. ELSEWHERE, LARGE CONCERNS HAVE BEEN DRIVING SMALL BUSINESSES TO THE WALL. WE INTEND TO LEVEL THE PLAYING FIELD TO SUPPORT COMPETITION AND SMALLER BUSINESSES, AND GIVE CONSUMERS MORE PROTECTION AGAINST POOR SERVICE AND FAULTY GOODS. WE WILL:  - INTRODUCE TOUGH LEGISLATION TO CONTROL MONOPOLIES AND CARTELS WITH A PRESUMPTION AGAINST A HIGH CONCENTRATION OF OWNERSHIP. EVEN IN APPARENTLY COMPETITIVE MARKETS, ANTI-COMPETITIVE BEHAVIOUR IS CREATING LOCALISED MONOPOLIES WHERE, FOR EXAMPLE, SUPERMARKETS, LARGE NEWSAGENTS AND OIL COMPANIES HAVE AN UNFAIR ADVANTAGE OVER SMALL SHOPS AND INDEPENDENTS. WE WILL STRENGTHEN THE POWERS OF THE COMPETITION AUTHORITIES TO TACKLE LOCALISED MONOPOLIES.  - STRENGTHEN CONSUMER PROTECTION. WE WILL INTRODUCE NEW SAFEGUARDS FOR PEOPLE TAKING OUT MORTGAGES AND REQUIRE ‘WORKMANSHIP GUARANTEES’ IN RESPECT OF ‘COWBOY BUILDERS’ AND GARAGES. WE WILL ALSO INTRODUCE TOUGHER PENALTIES AGAINST COUNTERFEITERS TO PROTECT THE PUBLIC FROM DANGEROUS AND SHODDY GOODS.  - TIGHTEN CONTROLS ON BANKS. WE WILL MAKE IT A LEGAL REQUIREMENT FOR BANKS TO LOOK AFTER THE INTERESTS OF VULNERABLE CUSTOMERS, PARTICULARLY ELDERLY AND DISABLED PEOPLE, THOSE ON LOW INCOMES AND THOSE WHO LIVE IN REMOTE COMMUNITIES. WE WILL APPLY FULL COMPETITION LAW TO BANKS, REFER BANK MERGERS TO THE COMPETITION COMMISSION, PROHIBIT ANTI-COMPETITIVE CASH MACHINE CHARGES AND REGULATE THE CLEARANCE SYSTEM.  - REVIEW REGULATION OF THE LIFE INSURANCE SECTOR IN THE LIGHT OF RECENT EVENTS AT EQUITABLE LIFE AND ELSEWHERE, TO PROTECT THE SAVINGS AND PENSIONS OF MILLIONS OF PEOPLE.  - ESTABLISH A UNIVERSAL SERVICE OBLIGATION FOR THE POST OFFICE BRANCH NETWORK. POST OFFICES ARE A VITAL PART OF ALL COMMUNITIES, PARTICULARLY THE MORE ISOLATED ONES. WE WILL ENSURE THAT SUB-POST OFFICES CONTINUE TO OFFER THE SERVICES WHICH THEIR CUSTOMERS NEED.  EMPLOYEES' RIGHTS  MOST EMPLOYERS HAVE NO OBJECTION TO GOOD HEALTH, SAFETY AND ANTI-DISCRIMINATION RULES. BUT THE LAW NEEDS TO BE TIGHTENED TO CLAMP DOWN ON THE SMALL MINORITY OF COMPANIES WHO EXPLOIT THEIR WORKFORCE. WE WILL PROMOTE A BUSINESS CULTURE WHICH EMBRACES EQUAL OPPORTUNITY AS ESSENTIAL TO A COMMITTED AND MOTIVATED WORKFORCE. WE WILL:  - GIVE THE HEALTH AND SAFETY EXECUTIVE NEW POWERS TO INVESTIGATE BREACHES OF ITS RULES. WE WILL MAKE BUSINESSES WHICH FLAGRANTLY FLOUT THE RULES CRIMINALLY LIABLE FOR THE CONSEQUENCES. HOWEVER, WE WILL TRAIN INSPECTORS TO CARRY OUT A RANGE OF INSPECTIONS ON ONE VISIT WHERE POSSIBLE, RATHER THAN HAVING SEVERAL SEPARATE INSPECTIONS FROM DIFFERENT BODIES.  - FIGHT AGE DISCRIMINATION BY BANNING COMPULSORY RETIREMENT AGES. INSTEAD, WE WILL PROVIDE FOR INDIVIDUALS AGED 60 AND OVER WHO WISH TO WORK TO HAVE AN ASSESSMENT OF THEIR ABILITY TO CONTINUE THEIR JOB AS PART OF AN ANNUAL APPRAISAL PROCESS.  - REVIEW THE MINIMUM WAGE ANNUALLY. THE REVIEW WILL FOLLOW THE RECOMMENDATIONS OF THE LOW PAY COMMISSION. EQUAL WORK DESERVES EQUAL PAY, SO WE WILL ALSO EXTEND THE FULL MINIMUM WAGE TO ALL THOSE AGED 16 AND OVER, ABOLISHING THE LOWER RATE PAID TO PEOPLE UNDER 21.  - PROMOTE CONSULTATION OF EMPLOYEES. WE BELIEVE THAT WORKERS SHOULD HAVE A STATUTORY RIGHT TO CONSULTATION OVER KEY BUSINESS DECISIONS AFFECTING THEIR FUTURE, SUCH AS FACTORY CLOSURES.     SETTING YOU FREE  - END UNNECESSARY REGULATION. WE WILL RELIEVE BUSINESSES OF TASKS WHICH THEY UNNECESSARILY PERFORM ON BEHALF OF THE GOVERNMENT, LIKE ADMINISTERING WORKING FAMILIES TAX CREDIT, AND COLLECTING STUDENT LOANS.  - LIBERALISE SUNDAY TRADING LAWS. WE WILL MAKE SUNDAY OPENING HOURS A MATTER FOR LOCAL COUNCILS RATHER THAN FOR NATIONAL GOVERNMENT, WITHIN A NATIONAL FRAMEWORK TO GUARANTEE EXTRA PAY FOR SUNDAY WORK AND PROTECT CONSCIENTIOUS OBJECTION TO SUNDAY WORKING.     GREEN ACTION  CUTTING POLLUTION FROM ENERGY USE  THE BURNING OF FOSSIL FUELS – COAL, OIL AND GAS – IS A MAJOR CONTRIBUTOR TO CLIMATE CHANGE, AND ALSO CAUSES ACID RAIN AND LOCAL AIR POLLUTION. OUR TOP PRIORITIES ARE TO REDUCE ENERGY CONSUMPTION OVERALL, BY IMPROVING THE EFFICIENCY WITH WHICH IT IS USED, AND TO SWITCH FROM POLLUTING FORMS TO CLEAN ENERGY SOURCES.  REDUCING THE DEMAND FOR ENERGY  HALF THE ENERGY CURRENTLY USED IN THE UK IS WASTED, AND COULD BE SAVED BY USING IT MORE EFFICIENTLY, IN HOMES, BUSINESSES AND TRANSPORT. OUR HOMES INSULATION PROGRAMME WILL IMPROVE HOUSEHOLD ENERGY EFFICIENCY STANDARDS, HELP TO ERADICATE FUEL POVERTY AND PROVIDE SUBSTANTIAL NEW EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITIES. MANDATORY STANDARDS AND LABELS FOR BUILDINGS, MACHINERY, VEHICLES AND APPLIANCES, TOGETHER WITH LOWER VAT ON ENERGY CONSERVATION MATERIALS, WILL ENCOURAGE HOUSEHOLDERS AND BUSINESSES TO CUT ENERGY USE. WE WILL ENCOURAGE COMBINED HEAT AND POWER SCHEMES TO REDUCE THE ENERGY WASTED IN POWER GENERATION.  BOOSTING RENEWABLE ENERGY  WE WILL REQUIRE A MINIMUM OF 10% OF THE UK'S ENERGY TO BE GENERATED FROM UK-BASED RENEWABLE ENERGY SOURCES BY 2010, INCREASING BY 1% A YEAR THEREAFTER. AS WELL AS BENEFITING THE ENVIRONMENT, THIS WILL CREATE THOUSANDS OF NEW JOBS IN THE GREEN ENERGY SECTOR. WASTE INCINERATION WILL NO LONGER BE CLASSED AS RENEWABLE ENERGY.  PHASING OUT NUCLEAR POWER  WE WILL DECOMMISSION AND NOT REPLACE NUCLEAR POWER STATIONS AS THEY REACH THE END OF THEIR SAFE OPERATING LIVES. WE WILL MAINTAIN BNFL IN WHOLLY PUBLIC OWNERSHIP. WE WILL ESTABLISH AN INTERNATIONAL CENTRE OF EXCELLENCE AT DOUNREAY TO LEAD AND SPREAD GOOD PRACTICE ON DECOMMISSIONING.  TAXING ENERGY FAIRLY  THE CLIMATE CHANGE LEVY IS OVERCOMPLICATED AND BUREAUCRATIC. WE WILL GRADUALLY REPLACE IT WITH A CARBON TAX FALLING ON ALL ENERGY USE ACCORDING TO ITS CARBON CONTENT. WE WILL INVEST IN MORE ENERGY CONSERVATION AND EFFICIENCY GRANTS. WE WILL INTRODUCE A PROPERLY MONITORED EMISSIONS TRADING SCHEME TO ALLOW BUSINESSES TO CUT GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS IN THE MOST COST-EFFECTIVE WAY, AND ARGUE FOR AN EU-WIDE SCHEME AS SOON AS FEASIBLE.  REDUCE POLLUTION FROM CHEMICALS  WE WILL END UK PRODUCTION AND USE OF POPS (PERSISTENT BIO-ACCUMULATIVE CHEMICALS). WE WILL ALSO BAN THE USE OF THE MOST TOXIC CHEMICALS.  PRESERVE SCARCE WATER RESOURCES  WE WILL SET TOUGH REQUIREMENTS FOR WATER COMPANIES TO REDUCE LEAKS. WE WILL ENCOURAGE THE USE OF WATER METERS FOR DOMESTIC HOUSEHOLDS IN AREAS WITH SCARCE SUPPLIES, WITH EFFECTIVE MEASURES TO PROVIDE SECURITY FOR DISADVANTAGED PEOPLE.     REFORMING POLITICS  MAKING EVERY VOTE COUNT  DEMOCRACY IS THE GUARANTEE OF ALL OUR FREEDOMS, BUT THE STATE OF BRITISH DEMOCRACY STILL LEAVES MUCH TO BE DESIRED. LIBERAL DEMOCRATS WANT TO MAKE GOVERNMENT THE TRUE SERVANT OF THE PEOPLE, AND WE WILL DEVELOP A POLITICAL PROCESS IN WHICH ALL VOICES CAN BE HEARD.   LIBERAL DEMOCRATS WILL:  - REFORM THE VOTING SYSTEM FOR WESTMINSTER SO THAT EVERY VOTE COUNTS  - GIVE PARLIAMENT MORE POWER TO HOLD THE GOVERNMENT TO ACCOUNT  - DEVOLVE MORE POWER TO THE NATIONS AND REGIONS OF BRITAIN AND TO LOCAL AUTHORITIES     BRITAIN'S POLITICAL SYSTEM HAS CHANGED FOR THE BETTER SINCE 1997. WE HAVE CHAMPIONED DEVOLUTION FOR OVER A CENTURY, SO WE WELCOMED THE OPPORTUNITY TO PLAY OUR PART IN THE CREATION OF THE SCOTTISH PARLIAMENT, THE NATIONAL ASSEMBLY FOR WALES AND THE NORTHERN IRELAND ASSEMBLY. WE WELCOME TOO THE INTRODUCTION OF FAIRER VOTES FOR THESE BODIES.  BUT THE GAP BETWEEN GOVERNMENT AND THE GOVERNED IS STILL TOO GREAT. PUBLIC BODIES ARE NOT SUFFICIENTLY ACCOUNTABLE. VOTERS DO NOT HAVE A STRONG ENOUGH VOICE OR ENOUGH CHOICE. NO WONDER THAT MORE AND MORE PEOPLE FEEL ALIENATED FROM POLITICS.     VOTING  WE NEED A VOTING SYSTEM WHICH ACCURATELY REFLECTS THE WISHES OF VOTERS AND FOSTERS A MORE CONSTRUCTIVE APPROACH TO POLITICS. LIBERAL DEMOCRATS WILL:  - SECURE FAIR VOTES FOR ALL NATIONAL AND LOCAL ELECTIONS. FOR WESTMINSTER, WE SUPPORT THE SYSTEM OF AV+ AS PROPOSED BY THE JENKINS COMMISSION AS A FIRST STEP. WE WILL THEREFORE PUT THE JENKINS COMMISSION'S RECOMMENDATIONS BEFORE THE BRITISH PEOPLE IN A REFERENDUM AT THE EARLIEST POSSIBLE OPPORTUNITY. ULTIMATELY, WE WISH TO SEE THE SINGLE TRANSFERABLE VOTE (STV) USED FOR WESTMINSTER ELECTIONS. WE WILL INTRODUCE STV IMMEDIATELY FOR LOCAL GOVERNMENT AND EUROPEAN ELECTIONS.  - INTRODUCE VOTING AT SIXTEEN. WE WILL ALSO ALLOW PEOPLE TO STAND FOR ELECTED OFFICE AT THIS AGE, THE STAGE IN LIFE AT WHICH THEY ARE ABLE TO BEGIN FULL-TIME WORK AND PAY TAXES. WE WILL PROMOTE THE ACTION AND HABIT OF PARTICIPATION EARLIER IN LIFE THROUGH CITIZENSHIP EDUCATION AND SCHOOL COUNCILS.  - INTRODUCE NEW METHODS OF VOTING. WE WILL EXTEND THE RIGHT TO VOTE BY POST AND INVESTIGATE INTERNET VOTING, WHILE ENSURING THAT VOTES REMAIN SECURE. WE WILL ALSO PROMOTE PUBLIC INVOLVEMENT IN DECISION-MAKING, THROUGH CITIZENS' JURIES, CITIZENS' INITIATIVE REFERENDA AND ELECTRONIC CONSULTATION.     WESTMINSTER  THE WESTMINSTER PARLIAMENT IS NOT SUFFICIENTLY ACCOUNTABLE TO THE VOTERS, AND THE GOVERNMENT IS NOT SUFFICIENTLY ACCOUNTABLE TO PARLIAMENT. WE WILL STRENGTHEN THE HOUSE OF COMMONS AND DEMOCRATISE THE HOUSE OF LORDS. WE WILL:  - REPLACE THE HOUSE OF LORDS WITH A SMALLER DIRECTLY ELECTED SENATE WITH REPRESENTATIVES FROM THE NATIONS AND REGIONS OF THE UK. THE SENATE WILL BE GIVEN NEW POWERS TO IMPROVE LEGISLATION. WE WILL TRANSFER THE JUDICIAL FUNCTIONS CURRENTLY UNDERTAKEN BY THE HOUSE OF LORDS TO A NEW SUPREME COURT.  - STREAMLINE AND STRENGTHEN THE HOUSE OF COMMONS. WE WILL INCREASE THE POWERS OF SELECT COMMITTEES AND ALLOW MORE PRE-LEGISLATIVE SCRUTINY OF BILLS. WE WILL GIVE MPS MORE SAY OVER THE BUDGET BY ALLOWING THEM TO PROPOSE SPENDING AMENDMENTS. WE WILL INTRODUCE A NEW ANNUAL TAX BILL, SEPARATE FROM THE FINANCE BILL, TO ALLOW FOR GREATER CONSULTATION ON TAX MATTERS. A NEW PARLIAMENTARY COMMISSION WILL SUPPORT PARLIAMENT BY PROVIDING EXPERT ANALYSIS OF EXPENDITURE PROPOSALS.  - INTRODUCE MORE FAMILY FRIENDLY AND EFFICIENT WORKING PRACTICES FOR PARLIAMENT TO BRING A WIDER RANGE OF PEOPLE, PARTICULARLY WOMEN, INTO PARLIAMENT.  - CARRY OUT A SOCIAL JUSTICE AUDIT OF ALL BILLS TO ENSURE THAT GOVERNMENT LEGISLATION TACKLES INEQUALITY AS A PRIORITY.  - INTRODUCE A CIVIL SERVICE ACT TO MAINTAIN THE INDEPENDENCE OF THE CIVIL SERVICE. WE WILL ENSURE THAT GOVERNMENTS ARE NOT ABLE TO USE THE CIVIL SERVICE FOR PARTY POLITICAL PURPOSES BY SETTING CLEAR RULES ON THE USE OF PUBLIC MONEY AND GOVERNMENT FACILITIES.     IN THE LONG TERM, WE WILL:  - DEVELOP A WRITTEN CONSTITUTION FOR THE UNITED KINGDOM IN ORDER TO DEFINE AND PROTECT THE CONSTITUTIONAL FREEDOMS OUR POLICIES ARE DESIGNED TO ACHIEVE.  - SEPARATE CHURCH AND STATE. WE WILL SUPPORT THE DISESTABLISHMENT OF THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND TO END POLITICAL INTERFERENCE IN THE CHURCH. THE HEAD OF STATE WILL BE ABLE TO BE A MEMBER OF ANY FAITH OR NONE.     THE NATIONS AND REGIONS AND LOCAL GOVERNMENT  DESPITE THE PROGRESS MADE IN SCOTLAND, WALES AND NORTHERN IRELAND, THE UNITED KINGDOM IS STILL TOO CENTRALISED. WE WILL TAKE STEPS TOWARDS THE CREATION OF A FEDERAL UNITED KINGDOM WHERE SERVICES ARE DELIVERED AT THE LOWEST LEVEL POSSIBLE. THIS WILL BUILD A STRONGER DEMOCRACY WITHIN THE UK AS A WHOLE. WE WILL:  - GIVE GREATER POWERS TO THE NATIONS AND REGIONS. AS WE MOVE TO A MORE FEDERAL UNITED KINGDOM, WE WILL BUILD ON THE PRESENT DEVOLUTION SETTLEMENT AND STRENGTHEN THE POWERS OF THE SCOTTISH PARLIAMENT. WE WILL ALLOW THE WELSH ASSEMBLY THE RIGHT TO PASS PRIMARY LEGISLATION AND TO VARY TAXES. WE WILL EXTEND TAX-VARYING POWERS TO THE NORTHERN IRELAND ASSEMBLY FOR BOTH INCOME TAX AND CORPORATION TAX, SHOULD THE ASSEMBLY WISH TO HAVE THOSE POWERS.  - GIVE THE REGIONS OF ENGLAND MORE DEMOCRATIC POWER. WE WILL LEGISLATE FOR REFERENDA ON ELECTED REGIONAL ASSEMBLIES. IF LOCAL PEOPLE VOTE FOR A REGIONAL ASSEMBLY, THE ASSEMBLY WOULD TAKE ON A SET OF CORE POWERS FROM WESTMINSTER AND FROM CURRENT UNDEMOCRATIC REGIONAL QUANGOS. REGIONS WILL NORMALLY BE BASED ON EXISTING REGIONAL DEVELOPMENT AGENCY BOUNDARIES, BUT WITH SCOPE FOR SMALLER AREAS WHERE LOCAL IDENTITY, GEOGRAPHY AND PREFERENCES MAKE THAT APPROPRIATE. WE WOULD ALLOW FURTHER DEVOLUTION OF POWERS AND BOUNDARY CHANGES IN SUBSEQUENT REFERENDA.  - BUILD ON THE WORK OF THE NORTHERN IRELAND PEACE PROCESS. WE WILL DEVELOP CO-OPERATION WITHIN THE BRITISH ISLES THROUGH THE COUNCIL OF THE ISLES, AND WE WELCOME THE ESTABLISHMENT OF NORTH-SOUTH BODIES IN THE ISLAND OF IRELAND WITHIN THIS OVERALL FRAMEWORK. TO SUPPORT THE WORK OF THE COUNCIL WE WILL WORK TO ESTABLISH ITS OWN PERMANENT SECRETARIAT, BASED IN A CENTRAL LOCATION SUCH AS CARDIFF. WE WILL ALSO SEEK TO ESTABLISH MEETINGS OF A ‘COUNCIL OF THE IRISH SEA’ WITHIN THIS FRAMEWORK TO PROMOTE UNDERSTANDING BETWEEN REPRESENTATIVES OF CARDIFF, DUBLIN, BELFAST, EDINBURGH, THE ISLE OF MAN AND APPROPRIATE REGIONS OF ENGLAND ON AREAS SUCH AS FISHING, TRANSPORT AND POLLUTION.  - ALLOCATE FUNDING ACCORDING TO NEED THROUGH A FINANCE COMMISSION FOR THE NATIONS AND REGIONS. ITS REVENUE DISTRIBUTION FORMULA WILL ALLOCATE FUNDS FROM CENTRAL GOVERNMENT TO THE NATIONS AND REGIONS ON THE BASIS OF NEED. TO SECURE STABILITY, THERE WILL BE NO CUTS IN CURRENT FUNDING. ANY CHANGES, WHICH WILL HAPPEN IN THE MEDIUM-TERM, WILL BE FUNDED FROM GROWTH IN THE ECONOMY. OVER TIME, WE WILL GIVE THE NATIONS AND REGIONS MORE POWER TO RAISE THEIR OWN MONEY.  - GIVE LOCAL PEOPLE MORE POWER. WE WILL REPLACE THE COUNCIL TAX WITH LOCAL INCOME TAX, SO THAT PEOPLE PAY ACCORDING TO THEIR ABILITY, AND WE WILL GIVE LOCAL AUTHORITIES MORE DISCRETION OVER THEIR SPENDING. WE WILL ENSURE THAT WHERE LOCAL GOVERNMENT ACQUIRES NEW DUTIES FROM CENTRAL GOVERNMENT, THEY HAVE THE MEANS TO FUND THEM, AND INTRODUCE A CONSTITUTIONAL POWER OF GENERAL COMPETENCE THAT WILL GIVE LOCAL GOVERNMENT WIDER SCOPE FOR ACTION. WE WILL ALSO DEFINE A MINIMUM STANDARD OF SERVICE FOR LOCAL COUNCILS ACROSS THE COUNTRY. FAIR VOTES FOR LOCAL ELECTIONS WILL PREVENT LOCAL DOMINATION BY ONE PARTY, WHICH DAMAGES LOCAL GOVERNMENT.     SETTING YOU FREE  - CUT THE SIZE AND COST OF CENTRAL GOVERNMENT. WE WILL REDUCE THE NUMBER OF MINISTERS AND (AS PART OF VOTING REFORM) CUT THE MEMBERSHIP OF BOTH THE HOUSE OF COMMONS AND THE UPPER HOUSE, WHILE NOT REDUCING THE CURRENT SIZE OF THE SCOTTISH PARLIAMENT, NATIONAL ASSEMBLY FOR WALES AND THE NORTHERN IRELAND ASSEMBLY. THIS WILL INCLUDE REPLACING SEPARATE UK MINISTERS FOR THE DEVOLVED NATIONS OF THE UK WITH ONE SECRETARY OF STATE FOR THE NATIONS AND REGIONS.     GREEN ACTION  STRENGTHENING NATIONAL ENVIRONMENT POLICY  STRENGTHEN GOVERNMENT ENVIRONMENT POLICY BY TRANSFERRING THE DEPARTMENT OF TRADE AND INDUSTRY’S WATER AND ENERGY ROLES TO THE DEPARTMENT OF THE ENVIRONMENT, TRANSPORT AND THE REGIONS, RENAMED THE DEPARTMENT OF THE ENVIRONMENT, ENERGY AND TRANSPORT. MEANWHILE, HOUSING, REGIONAL ISSUES AND LOCAL GOVERNMENT WILL MOVE FROM THE DETR TO A NEW DEPARTMENT OF LOCAL GOVERNMENT AND THE REGIONS.  IMPROVING ENVIRONMENTAL ACCOUNTABILITY  AN ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY ACT WILL SET OUT REPORTING REQUIREMENTS AND ENVIRONMENTAL STANDARDS FOR GOVERNMENT AND BUSINESSES, AND INTRODUCE ENVIRONMENTAL AUDITS ACROSS ALL GOVERNMENT DEPARTMENTS AND LOCAL AUTHORITIES WHERE THIS IS NOT ALREADY DONE.  CIVIL LIBERTIES  SETTING ALL PEOPLE FREE  CIVIL LIBERTIES ARE THE BASIS OF A GENUINELY FREE SOCIETY. THEY ARE ESSENTIAL TO A LIBERAL SOCIETY IN WHICH PEOPLE ARE ENABLED TO FULFIL THEIR POTENTIAL AND MAKE INFORMED CHOICES ABOUT THEIR LIVES.  LIBERAL DEMOCRATS WILL:  - PASS AN EQUALITY ACT TO OUTLAW ALL FORMS OF DISCRIMINATION  - REFORM THE ASYLUM SYSTEM SO THAT APPLICANTS ARE DEALT WITH FAIRLY AND QUICKLY  - EXTEND FREEDOM OF INFORMATION LEGISLATION TO PROVIDE GENUINELY OPEN ADMINISTRATION AT ALL LEVELS OF GOVERNMENT     CIVIL LIBERTIES ARE AT THE CORE OF OUR CRITIQUE OF THE OTHER PARTIES. ASYLUM SEEKERS, IN PARTICULAR, HAVE BEEN TREATED IN A DISGRACEFUL MANNER BY BOTH LABOUR AND THE CONSERVATIVES. THE BSE SCANDAL DEMONSTRATED THE DANGERS OF RESISTANCE TO FREEDOM OF INFORMATION LEGISLATION. LABOUR HAS MADE A START BUT HAS FALLEN SHORT OF BUILDING THE TRULY OPEN SOCIETY WE WANT TO SEE.  WE WILL ESTABLISH A STRONG FRAMEWORK OF INDIVIDUAL RIGHTS, EXTENDING THE PROTECTION ALREADY AFFORDED BY EUROPEAN LAW, SO THAT THE RIGHTS OF THE INDIVIDUAL OUTWEIGH THE INTERESTS OF THE GOVERNMENT.     DISCRIMINATION  WE WILL COMBAT DISCRIMINATION ON THE GROUNDS OF RACE AND IN ALL ITS OTHER FORMS. WE WILL:  - STRENGTHEN THE FIGHT AGAINST DISCRIMINATION WITH AN EQUALITY ACT. THIS WILL FIGHT UNFAIR DISCRIMINATION ON WHATEVER GROUNDS, INCLUDING RACE, SEX, RELIGION, SEXUAL ORIENTATION, DISABILITY, AGE OR GENDER IDENTITY. A NEW EQUALITY COMMISSION WILL BE ABLE TO INVESTIGATE POTENTIAL BREACHES OF THE ACT AND TAKE ACTION IN ITS OWN NAME. THE COMMISSION WILL ALSO HAVE RESPONSIBILITY FOR CHILDREN'S RIGHTS, THROUGH A CHILDREN'S RIGHTS COMMISSIONER. WE WILL ALSO CREATE A SEPARATE HUMAN RIGHTS COMMISSION TO SAFEGUARD HUMAN RIGHTS.  - SUPPORT RECENT EUROPEAN ANTI-DISCRIMINATION LEGISLATION. WE WILL BACK MEASURES UNDER ARTICLE 13 OF THE TREATY OF AMSTERDAM ON ANTI-DISCRIMINATION. THIS INCLUDES RACE AND EMPLOYMENT LEGISLATION AND ACTION.  - ESTABLISH A SCHEME FOR THE CIVIL REGISTRATION OF PARTNERSHIPS. THIS WILL GIVE TWO UNRELATED ADULTS WHO WISH TO REGISTER A SETTLED PERSONAL RELATIONSHIP LEGAL RIGHTS, SUCH AS NEXT-OF-KIN ARRANGEMENTS, WHICH ARE AT PRESENT ONLY AVAILABLE TO MARRIED COUPLES.     IMMIGRATION AND ASYLUM  IMMIGRANTS ARE TOO OFTEN LABELLED AS A PROBLEM FOR BRITISH SOCIETY. BRITAIN HAS BENEFITED HUGELY FROM IMMIGRATION, IN THE SAME WAY THAT MANY BRITONS WHO HAVE EMIGRATED HAVE BENEFITED FROM THEIR EXPERIENCE. THERE ARE PRACTICAL AS WELL AS HUMANITARIAN REASONS FOR TREATING IMMIGRANTS DECENTLY. THE SHORTAGE OF SKILLED WORKERS IN MANY FIELDS MEANS THEY HAVE AN IMPORTANT CONTRIBUTION TO MAKE TO BRITISH SOCIETY. WE WILL:     - PROTECT PEOPLE FLEEING FROM PERSECUTION BY DEALING WITH ASYLUM APPLICATIONS FAIRLY AND MORE QUICKLY, WHICH WILL ALSO MINIMISE ANY OPPORTUNITIES FOR ANYONE TO EXPLOIT EITHER THE SYSTEM OR ASYLUM SEEKERS. WE WILL INTRODUCE FAIR BENEFITS FOR ASYLUM SEEKERS TO REPLACE THE DEMEANING VOUCHER SYSTEM. WE WILL REVIEW THE FAILING DISPERSAL SYSTEM, END ANY UNNECESSARY RESTRICTIONS ON ASYLUM SEEKERS UNDERTAKING VOLUNTARY WORK AND REVIEW RESTRICTIONS ON PAID WORK BY ASYLUM SEEKERS IN THEIR FIRST SIX MONTHS. RECOGNISING PRESSURES ON HOST COMMUNITIES, WE WILL ENSURE THAT LOCAL SERVICES ARE ADEQUATELY COMPENSATED FOR THE COST OF SUPPORTING ASYLUM SEEKERS. WE WILL WORK WITH OTHER COUNTRIES TO ENSURE THAT RESPONSIBILITIES ARE SENSIBLY SHARED, AND TO SEEK A SYSTEM WHICH DISCOURAGES ILLEGAL TRAFFICKING IN PEOPLE.  - FREE IMMIGRATION LAWS FROM DISCRIMINATION. WE WILL ENSURE THAT IMMIGRATION POLICY IS NON-DISCRIMINATORY IN ITS APPLICATION. WE WILL REFORM CURRENT IMMIGRATION LAWS SO THAT FAMILIES ARE NOT DIVIDED. WE WILL ALSO REGULARLY REVIEW IMMIGRATION POLICY, SEPARATE FROM OUR ASYLUM OBLIGATIONS, INCLUDING AN ASSESSMENT OF SKILLS NEEDS OF THE COUNTRY IN AN INCREASINGLY GLOBAL ECONOMY.     THE RIGHT TO KNOW AND THE RIGHT TO PRIVACY  WHILE INDIVIDUALS SHOULD HAVE THE RIGHT TO KNOW AS MUCH AS POSSIBLE ABOUT DECISIONS TAKEN BY GOVERNMENT, THERE SHOULD BE LIMITS TO THE INFORMATION WHICH GOVERNMENT CAN OBTAIN ABOUT INDIVIDUALS. WE WILL:  - STRENGTHEN FREEDOM OF INFORMATION LEGISLATION. THIS WILL BREAK OPEN THE EXCESSIVE SECRECY OF GOVERNMENT AND DEVELOP OPEN AND ACCOUNTABLE ADMINISTRATION. IN PARTICULAR, IT WILL INCREASE ACCESS TO FACTS AND FIGURES UNDERLYING GOVERNMENT POLICY DECISIONS AND REDUCE MINISTERS’ POWERS TO BLOCK THE RELEASE OF INFORMATION.  - PROTECT PRIVACY. PRIVACY IS PROTECTED BY THE EUROPEAN CONVENTION ON HUMAN RIGHTS WHICH IS NOW INCORPORATED INTO UK LAW. WE ARE OPPOSED TO FURTHER PRIVACY LAWS WHICH COULD THREATEN FREE SPEECH, EXCEPT FOR A CIVIL OFFENCE OF PHYSICAL INTRUSION TO PREVENT HARASSMENT OF INDIVIDUALS BY THE MEDIA. WE WILL NOT INTRODUCE COMPULSORY NATIONAL IDENTITY CARDS.  - BRING THE SECURITY SERVICES UNDER PARLIAMENTARY CONTROL. AT THE MOMENT, THE SECURITY SERVICES ARE OVERSEEN BY A COMMITTEE REPORTING TO THE PRIME MINISTER. WE WILL MAKE THEM ACCOUNTABLE TO A PARLIAMENTARY SELECT COMMITTEE.  SETTING YOU FREE  - IMPROVE SAFEGUARDS AGAINST THE MISUSE OF SURVEILLANCE AND INTERCEPTION POWERS BY LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES INCLUDING INTERCEPTION AND TRACKING OF ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS. WE WILL REPLACE THE SYSTEM OF WARRANTS APPROVED BY MINISTERS WITH A SYSTEM OF APPROVAL BY JUDGES TO REMOVE ANY CONFLICTS OF INTEREST AND TO INCREASE ACCOUNTABILITY. WE BELIEVE THAT THERE SHOULD BE A PRESUMPTION IN FAVOUR OF AN INDIVIDUAL'S FREEDOM FROM INTRUSION INTO THEIR PRIVATE LIFE AND THAT IT SHOULD BE UP TO THE GOVERNMENT TO PROVE THE NEED FOR IT. WE WOULD ENSURE ADEQUATE SAFEGUARDS AGAINST UNNECESSARY MONITORING AND ACCESS TO PRIVATE ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS AND REVIEW THE IMPACT ON THE ELECTRONIC COMMERCE INDUSTRY OF LABOUR’S REGULATION OF INVESTIGATORY POWERS ACT.  - REPEAL SECTION 28 OF THE 1988 LOCAL GOVERNMENT ACT. THIS GIVES LEGAL SANCTION TO DISCRIMINATION, PREVENTING SCHOOLS TAKING EFFECTIVE MEASURES AGAINST BULLYING AND HAMPERING RESPONSIBLE SEX EDUCATION.     GREEN ACTION  IMPROVING ENVIRONMENTAL KNOWLEDGE  A ‘RIGHT TO ENVIRONMENTAL INFORMATION’, AS PART OF FREEDOM OF INFORMATION LEGISLATION, WILL COVER ISSUES SUCH AS LOCAL AIR QUALITY, EMISSIONS FROM LOCAL FACTORIES, AND THE POTENTIAL ENVIRONMENTAL RISKS FROM GENETICALLY MODIFIED ORGANISMS (GMOS). WE WILL ALSO INTRODUCE A DUTY TO ELECTRONIC PUBLICATION OF ENVIRONMENTAL INFORMATION.  PROTECTING PROTEST  WE WILL PROTECT THE RIGHT TO LEGAL AND PEACEFUL PROTEST ON ALL ISSUES, INCLUDING ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS.  PROTECTING ANIMALS  ALTHOUGH WE SUPPORT FIRM ACTION AGAINST VIOLENT PROTESTS BY ANIMAL RIGHTS ACTIVISTS, WE ARE COMMITTED TO STRENGTHENING ANIMAL WELFARE. WE WILL ESTABLISH AN ANIMAL PROTECTION COMMISSION TO STRENGTHEN ANIMAL WELFARE PROTECTION. WE WILL EXTEND THE SIZE AND POWERS OF THE HOME OFFICE INSPECTORATE AND ENCOURAGE MORE UNANNOUNCED INSPECTIONS. WE WILL END THE USE OF ANIMALS IN THE DEVELOPMENT AND TESTING OF WEAPONS AND HOUSEHOLD GOODS, AND END UNNECESSARY REPETITIVE TESTS. WE WILL FUND RESEARCH INTO ALTERNATIVES TO ANIMAL TESTING. WE BELIEVE THAT FARM ANIMALS SHOULD BE ENTITLED TO HIGH WELFARE STANDARDS. WE WILL PROVIDE MORE CUSTOMS OFFICERS WITH CONVENTION ON INTERNATIONAL TRADE IN ENDANGERED SPECIES TRAINING SO THAT THE LAW CAN BE ENFORCED MORE EFFECTIVELY. WE BELIEVE THAT THE ISSUE OF HUNTING WITH HOUNDS SHOULD BE SETTLED BY MPS ON A FREE VOTE.     RURAL, URBAN AND SUBURBAN LIFE  ACTION FOR YOUR LOCAL COMMUNITY  OUTSIDE THEIR FAMILY, MOST PEOPLE'S IMMEDIATE CONCERNS INVOLVE THE LOCAL COMMUNITY WHERE THEY LIVE, WORK, SHOP AND SPEND THEIR LEISURE TIME. WE WISH TO BUILD SUSTAINABLE COMMUNITIES WHICH PROVIDE FOR THE NEEDS OF THEIR CITIZENS, ENHANCE THEIR LIVES, AND PRESERVE THE ENVIRONMENT.     LIBERAL DEMOCRATS WILL:  - BOOST LOCAL ECONOMIES BY PROTECTING LOCAL SERVICES AND PROMOTING LOCAL INNOVATION  - SUPPORT RURAL EMPLOYERS, FARMING AND FISHING  - REVIVE DEPRESSED AREAS BY INTRODUCING A ONE-STOP REGENERATION GRANT SYSTEM TO DISTRIBUTE FUNDS MORE EFFECTIVELY  - CREATE INCENTIVES FOR DEVELOPERS TO BUILD ON BROWNFIELD RATHER THAN GREENFIELD SITES     MARGARET THATCHER NOTORIOUSLY REMARKED "THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS SOCIETY". IT WAS AN ATTITUDE WHICH WEAKENED COMMUNITIES ALL OVER BRITAIN DURING THE CONSERVATIVE YEARS. NOW, IN MANY COMMUNITIES IN BRITAIN, THERE IS GROWING DISSATISFACTION WITH LABOUR TOO. IN RURAL AREAS, PEOPLE FEEL THAT THE LABOUR PARTY DOES NOT UNDERSTAND THEIR NEEDS. IN MUCH OF URBAN BRITAIN, ARROGANT AND COMPLACENT LABOUR COUNCILS ARE OUT OF TOUCH WITH LOCAL PEOPLE.  OUR OPPONENTS WANT TO CONTROL FROM THE CENTRE. WE WILL ALLOW COMMUNITIES TO MAKE DECISIONS FOR THEMSELVES, WHILE PROVIDING HIGH-QUALITY SERVICES AND PROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT.     BUILDING STRONG LOCAL COMMUNITIES  THE STRONGEST LOCAL COMMUNITIES ARE BUILT ON THE ACTIONS OF INDIVIDUALS WITHIN THEM. GOVERNMENT SHOULD NOT INTERFERE AND HAMPER THEIR EFFORTS. IT CAN NONETHELESS PLAY A ROLE IN STIMULATING AND SUPPORTING COMMUNITIES. WE WILL:  - REGENERATE DEPRIVED COMMUNITIES WHEREVER THEY ARE THROUGH A ONE-STOP REGENERATION GRANT SYSTEMS. THIS WOULD STREAMLINE EXISTING REGENERATION MEASURES, INCLUDING REGIONAL SELECTIVE ASSISTANCE, ENGLISH PARTNERSHIPS AND THE NEW DEAL FOR COMMUNITIES. THE NEW SINGLE SCHEME WILL HELP MATCH-FUNDING APPLICATIONS AND SIMPLIFY THE APPLICATION AND APPEAL PROCESS. WE WILL ENSURE THAT ALL REGENERATION SCHEMES ARE TRULY IN LINE WITH THE ASPIRATIONS OF THE COMMUNITIES THEY ARE DESIGNED TO HELP BY STRENGTHENING LOCAL DEMOCRATIC INPUT INTO DECISION-MAKING.  - BOOST RURAL LOCAL SERVICES BY DIRECTING MORE MONEY TO PROVIDE HIGH-QUALITY SERVICES, SUCH AS SCHOOLS AND POST OFFICES, TO THE RURAL POPULATION. WE WILL DO THIS BY REFORMING FUNDING FORMULAE TO ENSURE THAT RESOURCES ARE ALLOCATED FAIRLY THROUGHOUT THE UK, AND BY GIVING LOCAL AUTHORITIES GREATER FINANCIAL FREEDOMS. WE WILL TACKLE RURAL SOCIAL EXCLUSION BY PROVIDING EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITIES IN NEW INDUSTRIES AND IN FARMING FOR THE YOUNG.  - HELP EVERYONE FEEL SAFE IN THEIR HOMES. PEOPLE LIVING IN INNER CITY HOUSING BLOCKS ACROSS THE COUNTRY SUFFER UNACCEPTABLE LEVELS OF CRIME ON THEIR OWN DOORSTEPS BECAUSE THERE IS NO SECURE FRONT DOOR ON THE BUILDING IN WHICH THEY LIVE. WE WILL GIVE A HIGH PRIORITY TO TACKLING THE SECURITY OF THESE BUILDINGS THROUGH OUR "SAFE FRONT DOORS FOR ALL" INITIATIVE, ORGANISED AS PART OF OUR WIDER CRIME PREVENTION PROGRAMME.     SUPPORTING FARMING AND FISHERIES  MANY COMMUNITIES ARE HIGHLY DEPENDENT ON A SINGLE LOCAL INDUSTRY. IN MANY AREAS, THIS MEANS FISHING OR AGRICULTURE. GOVERNMENT COULD BE DOING MUCH MORE TO SUPPORT BOTH. WE HAVE ALREADY PUBLISHED AN EMERGENCY PROGRAMME TO HELP FARMERS AND BUSINESSES WHO HAVE SUFFERED DURING THE FOOT AND MOUTH CRISIS. ON OTHER ISSUES WE WILL:  - REFORM THE COMMON AGRICULTURAL POLICY. REFORM IS LONG OVERDUE. WE WILL PROMOTE THE SUSTAINABILITY OF AGRICULTURE AND REDIRECT SUPPORT SO THAT SMALL AND FAMILY FARMS ARE MORE EFFECTIVELY SUPPORTED. WE WILL SEEK TO REFOCUS PAYMENTS ON ACHIEVING PUBLIC ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL GOALS RATHER THAN ENCOURAGING UNNECESSARY PRODUCTION WHILE MAINTAINING THE CURRENT OVERALL LEVEL OF SUPPORT FOR FARMERS AND RURAL AREAS. WE WILL WORK WITHIN EUROPE TO LIMIT BUREAUCRACY BY ADMINISTERING CAP PAYMENTS THROUGH A SINGLE COUNTRYSIDE MANAGEMENT CONTRACT WHICH WOULD INCLUDE STEWARDSHIP AND AGRI-ENVIRONMENT SCHEMES AS WELL AS SUPPORT FOR DIVERSIFICATION, ORGANIC FARMING AND FARMERS’ CO-OPERATIVES.  - PROTECT TENANT FARMERS BY FUNDING A TARGETED EARLY RETIREMENT AND NEW ENTRANT SCHEME AND BY REASSESSING DIVERSIFICATION SCHEMES TO ALLOW TENANTS MORE SCOPE TO DIVERSIFY.  - ENCOURAGE ORGANIC FARMING BY BETTER SUPPORT FOR TRANSITION FROM CURRENT METHODS OF FARMING.  - REFORM THE PRESENT COMMON FISHERIES POLICY. THE MAIN OBJECTIVE OF FISHERIES POLICY MUST BE TO INTEGRATE THE LONG-TERM CONSERVATION OF THE MARINE ENVIRONMENT WITH THE SOCIO-ECONOMIC INTERESTS OF LOCAL COMMUNITIES. WE WANT TO ESTABLISH REGIONAL MANAGEMENT COMMITTEES THROUGH WHICH FISHERMEN WOULD WORK WITH SCIENTISTS AND GOVERNMENT TO AGREE SUSTAINABLE AND FAIRLY ENFORCED ‘ZONAL MANAGEMENT’ FOR THEIR LOCAL FISHERIES. WE WILL MAKE THE CASE FOR ESTABLISHING THE 6-12 MILE FISHING LIMIT AS A PERMANENT FEATURE OF POLICY, AND WORK WITH OTHER FISHING NATIONS TO AGREE TO EXTEND THE NATIONAL PROTECTION ZONES OUT TO 24 MILES. WE WILL STRENGTHEN AND UPDATE THE REGULATORY FRAMEWORK FOR SEAS FISHERIES COMMITTEES AND TAKE LOW IMPACT FISHING METHODS OUT OF THE QUOTA SYSTEM ALTOGETHER.  - ABOLISH THE MINISTRY OF AGRICULTURE, FISHERIES AND FOOD WITH ITS NUMEROUS CONFLICTS OF INTEREST WHICH HAVE PREVENTED IT FROM EFFECTIVELY ADDRESSING ISSUES SUCH AS BSE, GM CROPS, AND FOOT AND MOUTH.  INSTEAD, WE WILL CREATE A MINISTRY FOR RURAL AFFAIRS TO PROMOTE THE INTERESTS OF THE COUNTRYSIDE AS A WHOLE.  AN AGRICULTURAL OMBUDSMAN WILL PROTECT FARMING, AND FOOD SAFETY ISSUES WILL BE THE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND THE FOOD STANDARDS AGENCY.        SUPPORTING LOCAL ECONOMIES  LOCAL ECONOMIES OPERATE MOST EFFECTIVELY WHEN THERE IS LOCAL INNOVATION AND MONEY CIRCULATES LOCALLY IN A DIVERSE RANGE OF SMALL BUSINESSES PROVIDING FOR LOCAL NEEDS. STRONG VOLUNTARY AND NON-GOVERNMENTAL BODIES ALSO ENRICH AND STRENGTHEN THESE COMMUNITIES. WE WILL:  - SUPPORT LOCAL MARKETS INCLUDING FARMERS MARKETS BY PROVIDING FUNDS FROM SINGLE REGENERATION GRANTS TO REGENERATE LOCAL SHOPPING AREAS, PRESERVING A DIVERSE RANGE OF RETAIL OUTLETS AND ENCOURAGING FLEXIBILITY IN PLANNING REGULATIONS FOR SMALLER OUTLETS.  - TACKLE FINANCIAL EXCLUSION BY PROMOTING COMMUNITY BANKING, LOCAL EXCHANGE AND TRADING SCHEMES (LETS), AND CREDIT UNIONS. WE WILL ALSO SUPPORT INITIATIVES SUCH AS THE COMMUNITY LOAN FUND IN WALES.  - ENCOURAGE VOLUNTEERING BY SETTING UP A NETWORK OF MUTUAL VOLUNTEERING EXCHANGES OR ‘TIME BANKS’ THROUGH WHICH PEOPLE COULD EXCHANGE TIME SPENT VOLUNTEERING, REGISTERED THROUGH THE LOCAL TIME BANK, WITH HELP FOR THEMSELVES OR DISCOUNTS ON PUBLIC TRANSPORT AND SPORTS FACILITIES.  - PROTECT VILLAGE PUBS AND LOCAL BREWERIES BY EXTENDING THE 50% MANDATORY RATE RELIEF CURRENTLY ENJOYED BY SOME VILLAGE SHOPS AND POST OFFICES TO SOLE VILLAGE PUBS AND ENCOURAGE WIDER USE OF LOCAL AUTHORITY POWERS TO GRANT ADDITIONAL DISCRETIONARY RELIEF FOR SERVICES AND BUSINESSES.  - PROMOTE TOURISM. WE WILL BRING TOGETHER THE MARKETING AND INFRASTRUCTURE WORK OF GOVERNMENT, LOCAL COUNCILS AND TOURIST BOARDS. WE WILL ENSURE THAT LOCAL COMMUNITIES ARE INVOLVED IN THE PLANNING OF TOURISM FROM THE EARLIEST STAGES.     A DECENT LIVING ENVIRONMENT  THE QUALITY OF LIFE FOR ALL PEOPLE DEPENDS VERY MUCH ON THEIR SURROUNDINGS – THE QUALITY AND COST OF THEIR HOUSING, THE FABRIC OF NEARBY BUILDINGS, AND THEIR NATURAL SURROUNDINGS. TO PROMOTE A CLEAN AND HEALTHY LIVING ENVIRONMENT WE WILL:  - PROMOTE DECENT AND MORE AFFORDABLE HOUSING. WE WILL OPEN UP CONVEYANCING TO GREATER COMPETITION, TAKE ACTION TO TACKLE GAZUMPING, STRENGTHEN LEASEHOLDERS’ LEGAL RIGHTS, INVOLVE TENANTS IN THE MANAGEMENT OF HOUSING ESTATES, AND PROTECT TENANTS AGAINST MISUSE OF RENT DEPOSITS. WE WILL ALLOW LOCAL AUTHORITIES TO SPECIFY THE PERCENTAGE OF SOCIAL HOUSING FOR ALL NEW DEVELOPMENTS. WE WILL AIM TO PROVIDE LIFETIME HOMES AND MAKE SURE THAT BUILDING REGULATIONS PROVIDE FOR FLEXIBILITY TO UNDERTAKE LOW-COST CONVERSION FOR WHEELCHAIR ACCESS, FITTINGS, SHOWERS AND STAIR LIFTS. WE WILL GIVE LOCAL COUNCILS THE POWER TO END THE 50% REBATE ON COUNCIL TAX FOR SECOND HOMES.  - COMBAT HOMELESSNESS BY GIVING LOCAL AUTHORITIES GREATER FREEDOM TO INVEST IN HOUSING, AND BY MAKING HEALTH AUTHORITIES RESPONSIBLE FOR ENSURING THAT PATIENTS DISCHARGED INTO THE COMMUNITY HAVE SOMEWHERE TO LIVE. WE WILL INCREASE THE AVAILABILITY OF AFFORDABLE HOUSING BY TAKING ACTION TO REQUIRE PUBLIC AND PRIVATE LANDLORDS TO BRING EMPTY HOMES BACK INTO USE. WE WILL MAKE RENOVATION A MORE AFFORDABLE OPTION BY EQUALISING VAT AT A LOWER LEVEL TO BE CHARGED EQUALLY ON NEW BUILD AND REFURBISHMENT COSTS.  - PROTECT GREENFIELD SITES AND ENCOURAGE URBAN REGENERATION THROUGH PARTNERSHIP BETWEEN LOCAL AUTHORITIES AND PRIVATE ENTERPRISE, AND OUR REFORM OF THE VAT SYSTEM. IN ADDITION TO AN IMMEDIATE CUT IN BUSINESS RATES THROUGH A BUSINESS RATE ALLOWANCE, WE WILL ALSO ALLOW LOCAL COUNCILS TO REPLACE THE UNIFORM BUSINESS RATE WITH A SYSTEM BASED ON THE VALUE OF EACH SITE (SITE VALUE RATING). THIS WOULD ENCOURAGE RATHER THAN PENALISE THOSE WHO DEVELOP INNER-CITY SITES. WE WILL ALSO CLEAN UP BROWNFIELD AND DAMAGED WILDLIFE SITES USING REVENUE FROM A GREENFIELD DEVELOPMENT LEVY SET BY LOCAL AUTHORITIES.  - REQUIRE MOBILE PHONE COMPANIES TO OBTAIN LOCAL PLANNING PERMISSION FOR ALL NEW MOBILE PHONE MAST INSTALLATIONS.  - ESTABLISH EFFECTIVE MEASUREMENT OF LIVING COSTS THROUGHOUT THE COUNTRY. WE WANT TO ENSURE THAT PUBLIC SERVICE WORKERS LIKE TEACHERS AND NURSES ARE PROPERLY SUPPORTED WHEN THEY LIVE IN EXPENSIVE AREAS. WE WILL THEREFORE COLLECT DATA ON PRICE VARIATIONS BETWEEN REGIONS SO THAT MEASURES CAN BE EFFECTIVELY TARGETED.     SETTING YOU FREE  - LESSEN CENTRAL CONTROLS ON FISHING BY REFORMING THE COMMON FISHERIES POLICY TO PROMOTE LOCAL MANAGEMENT OF FISHERIES.  - REDUCE RED TAPE FOR FARMERS THROUGH SINGLE COUNTRYSIDE MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS TO MANAGE FARM PAYMENTS, AND AN AGRICULTURAL OMBUDSMAN TO TACKLE MALADMINISTRATION.  - PUT LOCAL PRIORITIES FIRST IN PLANNING REGENERATION SCHEMES SO THAT COMMUNITIES DEVELOP ACCORDING TO THE ASPIRATIONS OF THOSE THAT LIVE THERE.     GREEN ACTION  GUARD AGAINST POSSIBLE DANGERS OF GM CROPS  WE WILL SEEK TO INTRODUCE A MORATORIUM AT AN EU LEVEL, ON COMMERCIAL GROWING OF GENETICALLY MODIFIED CROPS UNTIL 2004, TO ALLOW RESEARCH INTO THEIR SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT TO BE COMPLETED.  PROTECT OUR SEAS  WE WILL DEVELOP A NATIONAL OCEANS AND COASTS POLICY IN CONSULTATION WITH SCIENTISTS AND THE FISHING INDUSTRY TO PROVIDE SUSTAINABLE LIVELIHOODS AND PROSPERITY FOR COASTAL COMMUNITIES, IMPROVED HEALTH OF THE SEAS FOR WILDLIFE AND A SAFER ENVIRONMENT FOR MARINE ACTIVITIES. THIS WILL INCLUDE A NETWORK OF MARINE PROTECTED AREAS COVERING 10 PER CENT OF OUR SEAS AND PILOTING FISHING-FREE ZONES TO HELP THE RECOVERY OF FISH STOCKS. WE WILL UNDERPIN THIS BY INTRODUCING CONSOLIDATED MARINE LEGISLATION IN COLLABORATION WITH THE DEVOLVED INSTITUTIONS OF THE UK. WE WILL ALSO IMPLEMENT POLLUTION REDUCTION AND PREVENTION PROGRAMMES TO MEET TARGETS UNDER THE OSPAR CONVENTION BY 2020.  BOOST CONSERVATION SCHEMES  WE WILL PROTECT THE ENVIRONMENT AND CREATE ‘GREEN JOBS’ IN URBAN, RURAL AND MARINE HABITATS, FOR EXAMPLE, THROUGH MORE ORGANIC FARMING, INCREASING GREEN SPACES IN URBAN AREAS, AND WOODLAND MANAGEMENT. SUCH SCHEMES WILL FORM PART OF OUR WILDLIFE GUARANTEE TO PROTECT ENDANGERED SPECIES. WE WILL ALSO AIM TO PRESERVE AND INCREASE THE AREA OF GREENFIELD SITES IN THE UK.  REFORM PLANNING  WE WILL ENSURE THAT LOCAL AUTHORITY STRUCTURE PLANS INCORPORATE TARGETS FOR CO~2~ EMISSION REDUCTIONS TO ENCOURAGE THE DEVELOPMENT OF RENEWABLE ENERGY FACILITIES AND ACCOUNT FOR THE CLIMATE CHANGE CONSEQUENCES OF THEIR POLICIES, INCLUDING TRANSPORT.  PROTECT GREEN SPACES  WE WILL CREATE A NEW DESIGNATION OF PROTECTED SITE, WITH EQUIVALENT PROTECTION TO SITES OF SPECIFIC SCIENTIFIC INTEREST, FOR GREEN AREAS OF PARTICULAR IMPORTANCE OR VALUE TO THE COMMUNITY. WE WILL MANAGE SSSIS TO ENHANCE THEIR ENVIRONMENTAL VALUE AND IMPOSE A BINDING ‘DUTY OF CARE’ ON OWNERS AND TENANTS TO AVOID FURTHER SIGNIFICANT DAMAGE OR FRAGMENTATION.  REDUCING WASTE AND PROMOTING RECYCLING  OUR NATIONAL RECYCLING PROGRAMME WILL PROVIDE A DOORSTEP RECYCLING COLLECTION FOR EVERY HOUSEHOLD BY THE END OF THE NEXT PARLIAMENT. WE WILL SEEK TO RECYCLE 60% OF HOUSEHOLD WASTE WITHIN 10 YEARS. WE WILL ALSO GRADUALLY INCREASE THE LANDFILL TAX TO ENCOURAGE ALTERNATIVE METHODS OF DISPOSAL, BACKED UP BY AN EVENTUAL BAN ON ALL BUT CERTAIN TYPES OF WASTE. WE WILL NOT BUILD INCINERATORS UNLESS RESULTS OF RESEARCH ON THEIR IMPACT SHOW THAT THEY ARE SAFE AND THE BEST ENVIRONMENTAL OPTION.  FLOODS AND FLOODING  WE WILL IMMEDIATELY SET UP A NATIONAL TASK FORCE TO REVIEW ARRANGEMENTS FOR FLOOD DEFENCE MANAGEMENT AND RESPONSE. WE WILL ALSO USE PLANNING MEASURES TO REDUCE FUTURE DEVELOPMENTS TAKING PLACE ON FLOODPLAINS AND IMPROVE STANDARDS OF DRAINAGE FROM BOTH URBAN AND RURAL (PARTICULARLY AGRICULTURAL) LAND USE. IN THE LONG TERM, FLOODING WILL CONTINUE TO BECOME MORE SEVERE UNLESS CLIMATE CHANGE IS TACKLED EFFECTIVELY – WHICH OUR ENERGY AND TRANSPORT POLICIES ARE DESIGNED TO DO.     BRITAIN'S ROLE IN THE EUROPEAN UNION  YOUR SAY IN EUROPE  THE EUROPEAN UNION HAS A FUNDAMENTAL ROLE IN GUARANTEEING PEACE AND FREEDOM IN EUROPE. BY PROMOTING ENTERPRISE, PROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT AND FIGHTING DISCRIMINATION, THE EU BRINGS ENORMOUS BENEFITS TO BRITAIN. YET NEITHER CONSERVATIVE NOR LABOUR GOVERNMENTS HAVE MADE THE MOST OF BRITAIN’S POTENTIAL AS A CORE MEMBER OF THE EU.  OUR PRIORITIES IN EUROPE ARE:  - ENLARGEMENT OF THE EU TO INCLUDE THE EMERGING DEMOCRACIES OF CENTRAL AND EASTERN EUROPE  - REFORM OF THE EU'S INSTITUTIONS TO MAKE THEM MORE OPEN, DEMOCRATIC AND EFFECTIVE  - REACHING AGREEMENT ON A CONSTITUTIONAL SETTLEMENT FOR EUROPE TO DEFINE AND LIMIT THE POWERS OF THE EU  - CO-OPERATION WITH OUR EUROPEAN LIBERAL DEMOCRAT PARTNERS TO ACHIEVE OUR AIMS IN THESE AREAS  LIBERAL DEMOCRATS ARE FIRM SUPPORTERS OF THE EUROPEAN UNION, BUT AS CRITICAL MEMBERS OF THE EUROPEAN FAMILY, WE ARE ALSO FIRM ON ITS FAILINGS. WE BELIEVE THAT THE EU OFFERS THE BEST MEANS OF PROMOTING BRITAIN’S INTERESTS IN EUROPE AND IN THE WIDER WORLD. NATIONS ACTING TOGETHER CAN ACHIEVE MORE.  THE EU MUST HAVE THE RESOURCES AND POWERS TO ACT IN AREAS WHERE PROBLEMS CANNOT BE SOLVED AT A NATIONAL LEVEL. BUT IT SHOULD STAY CLEAR WHEN EUROPEAN ACTION IS NOT NECESSARY.  EUROPE NEEDS A NEW AGENDA FOR REFORM. LIBERAL DEMOCRATS ARE DETERMINED THAT BRITAIN SHOULD LEAD THIS REFORM. WE WANT A EUROPE WHERE THE INTERESTS OF PEOPLE, NOT BUREAUCRATS, COME FIRST; A EUROPE THAT SEEKS TO EMPOWER PEOPLE, NOT IMPOSE UPON THEM; AND WHERE EUROPEAN INSTITUTIONS CONCENTRATE ON WHAT THEY DO BEST. WE WILL WORK TO:  - ESTABLISH A CONSTITUTION FOR THE EUROPEAN UNION TO DEFINE AND LIMIT THE POWERS OF THE EU ENSURING THAT DECISIONS ARE MADE AT THE MOST APPROPRIATE LEVEL. IT WOULD SET OUT THE ROLES, RESPONSIBILITIES AND POWERS OF EU INSTITUTIONS IN RELATION TO MEMBER STATES. IT WOULD PROVIDE A STABLE AND LEGITIMATE FRAMEWORK TO REINFORCE DEMOCRACY AND RESTORE PUBLIC CONFIDENCE IN THE EU. THE CHARTER OF FUNDAMENTAL RIGHTS SHOULD BE AT THE HEART OF A CONSTITUTION FOR EUROPE.  - FOCUS THE SCOPE OF EUROPEAN UNION ACTION. WE NEED TO IMPROVE THE QUALITY OF EU GOVERNANCE. THE EU SHOULD FOCUS ITS POLICY-MAKING ONLY ON THOSE AREAS FOR WHICH EU-WIDE ACTION IS INDISPENSABLE. THIS MEANS ENSURING THAT THE PRINCIPLE OF SUBSIDIARITY IS FULLY RESPECTED. A STANDING SCRUTINY COMMITTEE IN THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT SHOULD BE ESTABLISHED TO ENSURE THAT EU PROPOSALS MEET THE CRITERIA OF SUBSIDIARITY AND PROPORTIONALITY.  - MAKE THE EUROPEAN COMMISSION MORE DEMOCRATICALLY ACCOUNTABLE. THE COMMISSION PRESIDENT’S ‘STATE OF THE UNION’ SPEECH SHOULD BE ACCOMPANIED BY A DETAILED LIST OF PROPOSALS, INDIVIDUALLY JUSTIFIED AND EXPLAINED. EACH NEW EU LEGISLATIVE PROPOSAL SHOULD INCLUDE A JUSTIFICATION OF WHY EU ACTION IS NECESSARY. THE WORK PROGRAMME SHOULD BE PUT TO A SUBSTANTIVE VOTE BY THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT IN PLENARY SESSION. THE COMMITTEES OF THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT SHOULD BE ABLE TO CROSS-EXAMINE INDIVIDUAL COMMISSIONERS ON THE PROPOSALS UNDER THEIR RESPONSIBILITY. THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT SHOULD HAVE THE POWER TO VET AND VETO THE APPOINTMENT OF EACH AND EVERY COMMISSIONER AND, IF NECESSARY, SACK INDIVIDUAL COMMISSIONERS.  - MAKE SURE THAT EUROPEAN UNION BODIES ARE MORE OPEN. ALL EU INSTITUTIONS SHOULD CONFORM TO THE PRINCIPLES OF FREEDOM OF INFORMATION. THE COUNCIL OF MINISTERS SHOULD MEET IN PUBLIC WHENEVER IT DISCUSSES LEGISLATION AND PUBLISH A RECORD OF ITS PROCEEDINGS. THE POLITICAL LEADER OF THE COUNTRY HOLDING THE PRESIDENCY OF THE EUROPEAN COUNCIL SHOULD BE OBLIGED TO APPEAR BEFORE THE PLENARY SESSION OF THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT BOTH BEFORE AND AFTER ALL MEETINGS OF THE EUROPEAN COUNCIL.  - MAINTAIN THE VETO IN AREAS OF VITAL INTEREST TO THE UK. WE FAVOUR THE APPLICATION OF MAJORITY VOTING IN THE COUNCIL WHERE NECESSARY TO ENSURE THAT THE EU FUNCTIONS EFFECTIVELY. BUT WE WILL MAINTAIN A VETO ON THE CONSTITUTION, DEFENCE, OWN RESOURCES, BUDGETARY AND TAX MATTERS AND REGULATIONS ON PAY AND SOCIAL SECURITY.  - IMPROVE WESTMINSTER’S SCRUTINY OF EUROPEAN LEGISLATION AND OF THE ACTIVITIES OF UK MINISTERS ATTENDING THE COUNCIL OF MINISTERS. THERE SHOULD BE NO SUBSTANTIAL INITIATIVES FOR EUROPEAN LEGISLATION IN THE COUNCIL OF MINISTERS WHICH HAVE NOT BEEN SCRUTINISED BY THE UK PARLIAMENT. MINISTERS, INCLUDING THE PRIME MINISTER, SHOULD GIVE EVIDENCE BEFORE A EUROPEAN UNION AFFAIRS COMMITTEE IN WESTMINSTER PRIOR TO EUROPEAN COUNCIL MEETINGS AND ANY SIGNIFICANT MEETING OF MINISTERS.  - INCREASE THE TRANSPARENCY OF THE EUROPEAN CENTRAL BANK. THE BOARD OF THE BANK SHOULD PUBLISH ITS MINUTES AND VOTES, FOLLOWING THE PRACTICE OF THE BANK OF ENGLAND'S MONETARY POLICY COMMITTEE.  - SUPPORT A EUROPEAN COMMON FOREIGN AND SECURITY POLICY THAT INCLUDES A SIGNIFICANT DEFENCE CAPABILITY CONSISTENT WITH OUR MEMBERSHIP OF NATO AND OTHER INTERNATIONAL INSTITUTIONS.  - HOLD MEETINGS OF THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT ONLY IN BRUSSELS TO END THE WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY INCURRED BY HOLDING MEETINGS IN STRASBOURG.  - PUSH FOR EARLY ENLARGEMENT OF THE EU. THE NATIONS OF CENTRAL AND EASTERN EUROPE HAVE NOW BEEN WAITING OVER TEN YEARS FOR THE OPPORTUNITY TO BENEFIT FROM EU MEMBERSHIP. WE WILL SEEK TO ENSURE THAT THERE IS NO FURTHER SLIPPAGE IN ACCESSION SCHEDULES DEPENDENT UPON MEETING THE COPENHAGEN CRITERIA SUCH AS GUARANTEEING DEMOCRACY, THE RULE OF LAW AND HUMAN RIGHTS.     SETTING YOU FREE  - REMOVE UNNECESSARY REGULATIONS AND REDUCE ADMINISTRATIVE COSTS. WE SUPPORT MOVES TO STREAMLINE THE ROLE OF THE EU COMMISSION AND TO STRENGTHEN MEASURES AGAINST FRAUD. WE WILL PUSH FOR OBLIGATORY REGULATORY IMPACT ASSESSMENTS ON ALL NEW EU PROPOSALS WITH A DIRECT BEARING ON BUSINESSES. WE WILL ALSO STOP THE PRACTICE OF 'GOLDPLATING' EU REGULATIONS, WHEREBY THE UK GOVERNMENT UNNECESSARILY ADDS REQUIREMENTS TO MINIMUM EU STANDARDS.  GREEN ACTION  PUTTING THE ENVIRONMENT AT THE HEART OF EUROPE  ALL EU POLICIES SHOULD BE ANALYSED FOR THEIR LIKELY ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT, WITH RESULTS REPORTED TO THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT. THIS IS PARTICULARLY IMPORTANT FOR EU OVERSEAS AID, WHERE WE WILL SUPPORT THE ESTABLISHMENT OF A SPECIALISED EUROPEAN AID AGENCY. ALL MEMBER STATES MUST COMPLY FULLY WITH EU ENVIRONMENTAL STANDARDS, AND THE EUROPEAN COURT OF JUSTICE SHOULD APPLY HIGHER FINES TO THOSE FAILING TO COMPLY. WE WILL SUPPORT THE INITIATIVE STARTED AT THE CARDIFF SUMMIT TO INTEGRATE ENVIRONMENTAL OBJECTIVES INTO ALL EU ACTIVITIES – PARTICULARLY IN THE AREA OF TRADE POLICY, WHERE THE COMMISSION HAS SOLE COMPETENCE TO NEGOTIATE ON THE EU’S BEHALF.     STRENGTHENING EUROPE’S VOICE ON THE GLOBAL ENVIRONMENT  WE WILL ARGUE FOR THE EU TO PLAY A GREATER ROLE IN RAISING ENVIRONMENTAL STANDARDS WORLD-WIDE, THROUGH PROVIDING SUPPORT FOR THE UN ENVIRONMENT PROGRAMME AND FOR THE ENFORCEMENT OF ENVIRONMENTAL CONVENTIONS, SUCH AS THOSE PROTECTING ENDANGERED SPECIES, COMBATING CLIMATE CHANGE, AND CONTROLLING THE TRADE IN GM PRODUCTS.     DEFENCE AND INTERNATIONAL INSTITUTIONS  INTERNATIONAL  BRITAIN CAN ACHIEVE FAR MORE BY WORKING WITH OTHERS THAN WORKING ALONE. AN INTERNATIONALIST APPROACH IS THE BEST WAY TO PROTECT OUR FREEDOM AND OUR INTERESTS AS. WE WILL WORK TO BUILD EFFECTIVE INTERNATIONAL AND REGIONAL ORGANISATIONS TO PROMOTE PEACE AND FREEDOM THROUGHOUT THE WORLD, COMBAT POVERTY AND DISEASE AND TACKLE GLOBAL ENVIRONMENTAL PROBLEMS.  LIBERAL DEMOCRATS WILL:  - PROMOTE A FOREIGN POLICY BASED ON DEMOCRACY, HUMAN RIGHTS AND GOOD GOVERNANCE  - SEEK TO MAKE INTERNATIONAL INSTITUTIONS MORE ABLE TO ADDRESS GLOBAL SECURITY, TRADE AND ENVIRONMENTAL ISSUES  - RESIST FURTHER EROSION OF BRITAIN’S DEFENCE CAPABILITY WHILE CO-OPERATING MORE CLOSELY WITH THE COUNTRY’S ALLIES     EVENTS IN ONE NATION CAN HAVE A PROFOUND IMPACT ON LIFE IN OTHER COUNTRIES. THE WORLD IS NO LONGER ONE OF SELF-CONTAINED NATION STATES. BRITAIN HAS TOO OFTEN GIVEN AID AND COMFORT TO AUTHORITARIAN REGIMES WHICH OPPRESS THEIR PEOPLE AND THREATEN WORLD STABILITY. AND AS BRITAIN’S OWN DEFENCE CAPABILITY HAS WEAKENED, THE COUNTRY HAS BEEN SLOW TO POOL RESOURCES WITH ITS ALLIES.     FOREIGN POLICY  BRITAIN STANDS AT THE CENTRE OF A WEB OF GLOBAL INSTITUTIONS. OUR MEMBERSHIP OF THE UN SECURITY COUNCIL, THE COMMONWEALTH, THE EU, NATO, AND OTHER GLOBAL BODIES GIVES BRITAIN A KEY ROLE IN WORLD AFFAIRS. BUT WITH POWER COMES RESPONSIBILITY.  WE MUST NOT TURN A BLIND EYE TO INJUSTICE, NOR SUPPORT AUTHORITARIAN REGIMES WHICH OPPRESS THEIR PEOPLE AND THREATEN WORLD STABILITY. BRITAIN’S INFLUENCE SHOULD BE USED TO FIGHT FOR HUMAN RIGHTS AND EQUITABLE AND PEACEFUL RELATIONSHIPS BETWEEN NATIONS.  THE LIBERAL DEMOCRAT APPROACH PUTS DEMOCRATIC VALUES, HUMAN RIGHTS AND GOOD GOVERNANCE AT THE TOP OF THE FOREIGN POLICY AGENDA. WE WILL:  - END SUBSIDIES FOR ARMS SOLD TO FOREIGN REGIMES. WE WILL PUT AN END TO THE USE OF EXPORT CREDIT GUARANTEES TO SUPPORT ARMS EXPORTS. WE WILL ESTABLISH A PARLIAMENTARY ARMS EXPORT COMMITTEE TO MONITOR ARMS EXPORTS AND SCRUTINISE INDIVIDUAL LICENCE APPLICATIONS. WE WILL REQUIRE ARMS BROKERS TO REGISTER UNDER A CODE OF CONDUCT, AND REVOKE THE LICENCES OF THOSE WHO BREAK THE CODE.  - TAKE ACCOUNT OF HUMAN RIGHTS AND DEVELOPMENT NEEDS IN GOVERNMENT POLICY. WE WILL AUDIT RELEVANT GOVERNMENT DEPARTMENTS TO ENSURE THAT POLICIES ON ISSUES SUCH AS AID, ARMS SALES AND CREDIT GUARANTEES CONFORM TO THE STANDARDS WE HAVE SET.  - GIVE PRIORITY TO CONFLICT PREVENTION. IT SHOULD FOCUS ON TRADITIONAL THREATS TO SECURITY BUT ALSO THE CONSEQUENCES OF ENVIRONMENTAL DEGRADATION, RESOURCE DEPLETION, VOLATILE MARKETS AND UNFAIR TRADE. PREVENTIVE DIPLOMACY WILL BE GIVEN A HIGHER PRIORITY IN THE BUDGETS OF THE FOREIGN AND COMMONWEALTH OFFICE, DEPARTMENT FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT AND MINISTRY OF DEFENCE.  - CONTINUE THE FIGHT AGAINST SLAVE LABOUR. WE WILL CO-OPERATE WITH INTERNATIONAL BODIES LIKE THE INTERNATIONAL LABOUR ORGANISATION TO STAMP OUT SLAVERY.  - MAINTAIN FUNDING FOR THE BBC WORLD SERVICE AND THE BRITISH COUNCIL. WE WILL ENSURE THAT THESE TWO ORGANISATIONS, WHICH HAVE A VITAL ROLE IN SPREADING THE VALUES OF FREEDOM AND DEMOCRACY, RECEIVE PROPER FUNDING.     INTERNATIONAL SECURITY  WE FAVOUR GREATER INTERNATIONAL CO-OPERATION TO MAKE THE WORLD A SAFER PLACE AND TO UPHOLD HUMAN RIGHTS IN OTHER COUNTRIES. WE WILL:  - SEEK TO STRENGTHEN THE POWERS OF THE UN. THE UN NEEDS A MORE ACTIVE ROLE IN HOLDING MEMBER STATES TO ACCOUNT FOR GROSS AND PERSISTENT BREACHES OF THE UNIVERSAL DECLARATION OF HUMAN RIGHTS. TOO MANY UN CONVENTIONS AND SECURITY COUNCIL RESOLUTIONS ARE FLOUTED AND IGNORED. WE PROPOSE THAT THE SECRETARY GENERAL CONDUCTS AN AUDIT TO DETERMINE OUTSTANDING OBLIGATIONS AND THE ACTION NEEDED TO COMPLY WITH THEM.  - ENSURE THAT THE UNITED NATIONS HAS THE RESOURCES TO ACT. WE WILL PROMOTE THE ESTABLISHMENT OF A STAFF COLLEGE BASED IN BRITAIN TO TRAIN UN PEACEKEEPERS. WE ALSO ADVOCATE THE FORMATION OF A UN RAPID REACTION DISASTER TASK FORCE TO TACKLE BOTH MAN-MADE AND NATURAL DISASTERS.  - WORK WITH BRITAIN’S PARTNERS IN THE COMMONWEALTH TO MAKE IT MORE EFFECTIVE IN PROMOTING CONFLICT RESOLUTION, GOOD GOVERNANCE AND DEMOCRATIC VALUES.  - SUPPORT THE INTERNATIONAL CRIMINAL COURT. IF IT IS POWERFUL AND WELL RESOURCED, THE COURT WILL ENHANCE THE CAUSE OF HUMAN RIGHTS. WE WILL PRESS OPPONENTS OF THE COURT TO RECOGNISE ITS AUTHORITY.     DEFENCE  WE ARE PROUD OF BRITAIN'S RECORD OF DEFENDING DEMOCRACY AND TO REMEMBER THOSE WHO HAVE GIVEN THEIR LIVES, WE WILL MAKE THE DAY AFTER REMEMBRANCE SUNDAY A PUBLIC HOLIDAY. BRITISH ARMED FORCES RIGHTLY ENJOY THE RESPECT OF THE WORLD. IT IS ESSENTIAL TO PRESERVE THAT REPUTATION. BUT AS THE COUNTRY’S OWN DEFENCE CAPABILITY HAS SHRUNK SINCE THE END OF THE COLD WAR, IT HAS BEEN SLOW TO POOL RESOURCES WITH ALLIES. BRITAIN’S CAPABILITIES MUST CONTINUE TO ADAPT TO MEET THE CHALLENGES OF THE 21ST CENTURY. WE WILL:  - RESIST FURTHER EROSION OF BRITAIN’S DEFENCE CAPABILITY. WE WILL MAINTAIN THE CURRENT LEVEL OF SPENDING AND RESIST ANY FURTHER REDUCTIONS.  - PROMOTE FLEXIBILITY, MOBILITY, RAPID DEPLOYMENT AND JOINT OPERATIONS AS THE BASIS OF BRITAIN’S DEFENCE POLICY, TO ENABLE THE UK TO HONOUR BRITAIN’S COMMITMENTS TO THE EU, NATO, THE COMMONWEALTH AND THE UN.  - PROMOTE EQUAL OPPORTUNITIES AND FAMILY WELFARE IN THE ARMED FORCES. WE WILL OPPOSE UNFAIR DISCRIMINATION IN THE FORCES. WE WILL REVIEW WELFARE POLICIES IN ORDER TO SET MINIMUM AND CONSISTENT STANDARDS THAT CAN BE APPLIED AT HOME AND ABROAD FOR SERVICE FAMILIES.  - WORK FOR THE ELIMINATION WORLDWIDE OF ALL NUCLEAR WEAPONS. WE WILL PRESS FOR A NEW ROUND OF MULTILATERAL ARMS REDUCTION TALKS, BUT WILL RETAIN THE UK'S MINIMUM NUCLEAR DETERRENT FOR THE FORESEEABLE FUTURE.  - OPPOSE THE NATIONAL MISSILE DEFENCE SYSTEM (NMD). THE SYSTEM CURRENTLY BEING PROPOSED BY THE USA REPRESENTS A THREAT TO INTERNATIONAL STABILITY AND ARMS CONTROL AGREEMENTS.  - PUT IN PLACE A MORATORIUM ON THE USE OF DEPLETED URANIUM SHELLS UNTIL THERE IS CLEAR EVIDENCE REGARDING THE HEALTH RISKS INVOLVED.     TRADE, AID AND INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT  GENUINELY LIBERAL TRADE BENEFITS ALL THE COUNTRIES OF THE WORLD, RICH AND POOR. WE WILL PRESS FOR A FAIRER GLOBAL TRADING SYSTEM, AND DO MORE TO ASSIST POOR NATIONS. WE ADVOCATE EFFECTIVE AID POLICIES TO ADDRESS THE PROBLEMS OF DEVELOPING COUNTRIES AND PROMOTE DEMOCRACY AND GOOD GOVERNANCE. WE WILL:  - PROMOTE GENUINE LIBERAL TRADE. THE REMOVAL OF BARRIERS TO TRADE HAS STIMULATED ECONOMIC GROWTH AND PROSPERITY THROUGHOUT MUCH OF THE WORLD, AND THE WORLD TRADE ORGANISATION HAS HELPED ESTABLISH AND MAINTAIN INTERNATIONAL RULES WHICH GUARANTEE EQUAL TREATMENT FOR ALL MEMBERS, LARGE OR SMALL. HOWEVER, TRADE LIBERALISATION HAS SOMETIMES BEEN PURSUED AT THE EXPENSE OF OTHER OBJECTIVES, SUCH AS ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION OR PUBLIC HEALTH. WE WILL WORK TO REFORM THE WTO SO THAT ENVIRONMENTAL OBJECTIVES AND PRINCIPLES ARE FULLY INTEGRATED INTO ITS ACTIVITIES AND POORER COUNTRIES ARE HELPED TO PARTICIPATE FULLY WITHIN IT.  - ENCOURAGE FAIR COMPETITION. WE WOULD PRESS FOR A GLOBAL COMPETITION AUTHORITY WITHIN THE WTO TO ENCOURAGE CO-ORDINATION OF THE ANTI-MONOPOLY ACTIVITIES OF INDIVIDUAL NATIONS TO TACKLE THE GROWING CONCENTRATION OF CORPORATE MONOPOLY POWER MORE EFFECTIVELY. WE WANT WORLD-WIDE AGREEMENT TO REDUCE SUBSIDIES, COMMON IN AREAS SUCH AS FOSSIL FUEL PRODUCTION, AGRICULTURE, FORESTRY AND FISHERIES: THIS WOULD ENCOURAGE TRADE, OPEN MARKETS TO POORER COUNTRIES’ EXPORTS AND REDUCE ENVIRONMENTAL DAMAGE.  - HONOUR THE UK'S COMMITMENT TO MEET THE UN TARGET OF INCREASING OVERSEAS AID TO 0.7% OVER THE NEXT TEN YEARS. WE SUPPORT THE MOVES ALREADY MADE BY THE BRITISH GOVERNMENT TO REDUCE THE DEBTS OF THE POOREST COUNTRIES. BUT BRITAIN COULD LEAD MORE RAPID ACTION ON DEBT RELIEF BY BODIES SUCH AS THE INTERNATIONAL MONETARY FUND AND THE WORLD BANK. THEIR POVERTY REDUCTION STRATEGY PROGRAMMES SHOULD ATTACH AT LEAST AS MUCH IMPORTANCE TO GOVERNMENTS TAKING ACTION TO TACKLE POVERTY AS TO LIBERALISING THEIR ECONOMIES.  - END LINKS BETWEEN AID AND TRADE. TIED AID IS A FORM OF PROTECTIONISM WHICH INHIBITS DEVELOPMENT. WE WILL SUBJECT ALL AID PROGRAMMES TO THOROUGH ASSESSMENT FOR THEIR ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND HUMAN RIGHTS CONSEQUENCES.  - DIRECT AID TOWARDS WOMEN. WOMEN IN DEVELOPING COUNTRIES FACE DISCRIMINATION AND ECONOMIC EXCLUSION. ALL AID PACKAGES SHOULD ADDRESS GENDER INEQUALITY, WITH A HIGH PRIORITY FOR FAMILY PLANNING AND MATERNAL HEALTH SERVICES.  - STEP UP THE FIGHT AGAINST HIV/AIDS. THE AIDS PANDEMIC IS A GLOBAL EMERGENCY WHICH UNDERMINES ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT AND THREATENS INTERNATIONAL SECURITY. WE WILL INCREASE BACKING FOR THE DEVELOPMENT OF AN AIDS VACCINE. WORKING WITH BODIES SUCH AS THE CHURCHES, WE WILL SUPPORT LARGE-SCALE AIDS/HIV EDUCATION PROGRAMMES AND PRESS FOR MOTHER-TO-CHILD AIDS TREATMENT DRUGS TO BE MADE AVAILABLE CHEAPLY.  - PROMOTE UNIVERSAL PRIMARY EDUCATION. EDUCATION IS ESSENTIAL TO ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT. WE WILL SPEARHEAD INITIATIVES TO INCREASE THE RESOURCES FOR BASIC EDUCATION IN DEVELOPING COUNTRIES. IN RETURN FOR FINANCIAL SUPPORT RECIPIENT COUNTRIES SHOULD BE OBLIGED TO REDUCE EXPENDITURE ON ARMS.  - IMPLEMENT THE OECD CONVENTION ON BRIBERY. WE WILL ALLOW UK REGISTERED COMPANIES TO BE PROSECUTED FOR BRIBERY OFFENCES COMMITTED OVERSEAS.     SETTING YOU FREE  - STOP USING TAXPAYERS’ MONEY TO SUPPORT THE ARMS TRADE  BY ENDING SUBSIDIES FOR ARMS SOLD TO FOREIGN REGIMES.     GREEN ACTION  GLOBAL CLIMATE CHANGE  WE WILL PLACE BRITAIN AT THE FOREFRONT OF CLIMATE CHANGE NEGOTIATIONS, PRESSING OTHER NATIONS TO RATIFY AND IMPLEMENT THE 1997 KYOTO PROTOCOL BY THE RIO+10 WORLD SUMMIT IN MID 2002. WE WILL SEEK TO EXTEND ITS TERMS AND TARGETS FURTHER. WE WILL ENSURE THAT BRITAIN ACHIEVES ITS TARGET WELL BEFORE THE DEADLINE, AND ESTABLISHES A NEW TARGET OF A 20% REDUCTION IN CO~2~ EMISSIONS BY 2010.  INTRODUCE STRONGER ENVIRONMENTAL OBJECTIVES  WE WILL CAMPAIGN TO INTRODUCE STRONGER ENVIRONMENTAL OBJECTIVES INTO THE COMMON AGRICULTURAL POLICY, LENDING AND INVESTMENT POLICIES OF THE IMF, WORLD BANK AND REGIONAL DEVELOPMENT BANKS. WTO RULES SHOULD RESPECT ENVIRONMENTAL PRINCIPLES AS LONG AS THESE ARE APPLIED IN A NON-PROTECTIONIST WAY.  PROMOTE SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT  WE WILL ENSURE THAT ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL SUSTAINABILITY IS A PRIME OBJECTIVE OF AID AND TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER POLICIES.  IMPROVE ENVIRONMENTAL GOVERNANCE  THE RIO+10 SUMMIT IN 2002 IS AN OPPORTUNITY TO IMPROVE THE INTERNATIONAL COMMUNITY’S ABILITY TO TACKLE ENVIRONMENTAL THREATS. WE WANT A SUBSTANTIAL INCREASE IN RESOURCES FOR THE UN ENVIRONMENT PROGRAMME AND FOR THE IMPLEMENTATION OF ENVIRONMENTAL AGREEMENTS. WE ALSO ADVOCATE A UN ECONOMIC AND ENVIRONMENTAL SECURITY COUNCIL FOR SUSTAINABILITY.     BRITAIN'S ECONOMY  FREEDOM TO THRIVE     NO GOVERNMENT CAN DELIVER FREEDOM WITHOUT CREATING A SOUND AND SUSTAINABLE ECONOMY, IN WHICH BUSINESS CAN THRIVE, THE ENVIRONMENT IS SAFEGUARDED AND EMPLOYEES ARE PROPERLY PROTECTED, NATIONALLY AND INTERNATIONALLY.     LIBERAL DEMOCRATS WILL:  - CREATE A COMPETITIVE AND SOUND ECONOMY TO DELIVER PROSPERITY FOR ALL  - ENABLE BRITISH EURO ENTRY, SUBJECT TO THE DECISION OF THE BRITISH PEOPLE IN A REFERENDUM  - MAKE TAXATION AND SPENDING POLICIES CLEARER AND MORE ACCOUNTABLE  - STRENGTHEN THE INDEPENDENCE OF THE BANK OF ENGLAND  THE CONSERVATIVES WERE INCOMPETENT STEWARDS OF THE BRITISH ECONOMY. THE THATCHER AND MAJOR YEARS WENT FROM BOOM TO BUST TO BOOM AND BUST AGAIN. WHILE SOME MADE THEIR FORTUNES, SECTORS OF THE ECONOMY SUCH AS MANUFACTURING AND FARMING SUFFERED A STEADY DECLINE. THE CONSERVATIVES FAILED TO MAKE THE PUBLIC INVESTMENT NEEDED FOR THE LONG TERM, STARVING SCHOOLS, TRAINING AND THE TRANSPORT SYSTEM.  LABOUR HAS DONE TOO LITTLE TO REDRESS THE MISTAKES OF THE CONSERVATIVES. THEY WERE TOO TIMID IN THEIR FIRST THREE YEARS IN POWER, FAILING TO RECOGNISE THE VERY POOR STATE OF THE PUBLIC SECTOR.  A COMPETITIVE AND SOUND ECONOMY  LABOUR HAVE BEEN TIMID OVER THE EURO, LEAVING MANUFACTURING, FARMING AND TOURISM TO SUFFER THE EFFECTS OF AN UNCOMPETITIVELY HIGH VALUE OF THE POUND. WE WILL:  - CREATE A COMPETITIVE AND SOUND ECONOMY, ENABLING BRITISH EURO ENTRY SUBJECT TO THE DECISION OF THE BRITISH PEOPLE IN A REFERENDUM. MEMBERSHIP OF THE EURO AT A COMPETITIVE AND SUSTAINABLE RATE WOULD OFFER BRITAIN CONSIDERABLE BENEFITS. IT WOULD END THE EXCHANGE RATE INSTABILITY WHICH HAS DESTROYED MANY THOUSANDS OF JOBS, SAFEGUARD THE INVESTMENT IN HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS OF FURTHER JOBS BY OVERSEAS FIRMS, AND REDUCE THE COSTS OF TRADE WITH THE REST OF THE EU. UNLIKE THE CONSERVATIVES, WE BELIEVE THE BRITISH PEOPLE DESERVE THE OPPORTUNITY TO HAVE THEIR SAY IN A REFERENDUM.  - ENCOURAGE SUSTAINABLE ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT. WE WILL GIVE LOCAL AUTHORITIES GREATER POWERS TO BORROW AND INVEST FOR LOCAL DEVELOPMENT, ENCOURAGE THE USE OF LOCAL EXCHANGE AND TRADING SYSTEMS, AND PROMOTE VOLUNTEERING.  - IMPROVE THE INFRASTRUCTURE OF THE NATIONS AND REGIONS OF THE UK. WE WOULD ALLOW THE SCOTTISH PARLIAMENT, THE NATIONAL ASSEMBLY FOR WALES, THE NORTHERN IRELAND ASSEMBLY, THE ENGLISH REGIONS AND LOCAL AUTHORITIES TO BORROW FOR INVESTMENT DIRECTLY FROM THE MARKET, SUBJECT TO RULES SIMILAR TO THOSE ALREADY ESTABLISHED FOR CENTRAL GOVERNMENT.     OPEN AND HONEST TAXES  SCHOOLS, HOSPITALS, PENSIONS AND THE POLICE DESPERATELY NEED FURTHER INVESTMENT, AND THIS IS OUR PRIORITY. WE WILL BE HONEST ABOUT THE COST OF THE INVESTMENT WE WISH TO MAKE AND CLEAR ABOUT THE BENEFITS THIS WILL BRING. WE WILL:  - PROVIDE IMPROVEMENTS IN EDUCATION COSTING MORE THAN £3 BILLION A YEAR, FUNDED BY PUTTING ONE PENNY ON THE BASIC RATE OF INCOME TAX.  - PROVIDE SUBSTANTIAL IMMEDIATE INCREASES IN PENSIONS AND RAISE INVESTMENT IN THE NHS, FUNDED BY SETTING A NEW TOP TAX RATE OF 50% ON INCOME OVER £100,000 A YEAR AND BY CLOSING LOOPHOLES IN CAPITAL GAINS TAX. TO PUT THIS MEASURE INTO PERSPECTIVE, FOR MOST OF THE THATCHER YEARS THE TOP RATE WAS 60%, STARTING ON SUBSTANTIALLY LOWER INCOMES.  - INVEST IN THE POLICE AND PUBLIC TRANSPORT BY CLOSING LOOPHOLES IN CAPITAL GAINS TAX (CGT). WE WILL ABOLISH THE CGT EXEMPTION ON CAPITAL GAINS HELD AT DEATH (BUT MAINTAIN THE PRESENT EXEMPTIONS FOR TRANSFERS BETWEEN SPOUSES, AND REINTRODUCE INDEXATION AND RETIREMENT RELIEF) AND ABOLISH THE COMPLEX CGT TAPER INTRODUCED BY GORDON BROWN.  - SEND EACH HOUSEHOLD AN ANNUAL CITIZEN'S TAX CONTRACT. THIS WOULD SHOW IN SIMPLE TERMS HOW MUCH TAX IS BEING RAISED, WHAT SERVICES ARE BEING DELIVERED AND WHY CHANGES HAVE BEEN MADE. IT WOULD OBLIGE CENTRAL GOVERNMENT TO PROVIDE THE KIND OF INFORMATION ABOUT EXPENDITURE AND TAXATION WHICH LOCAL GOVERNMENT ALREADY SENDS OUT WITH COUNCIL TAX BILLS. PEOPLE WILL HAVE A RIGHT TO KNOW HOW THEIR TAXES ARE BEING USED AND WHY.  - MAKE TAXATION AND SPENDING POLICIES CLEARER AND MORE ACCOUNTABLE. WE WILL REQUIRE AN ANNUAL FISCAL ASSESSMENT TO BE PUBLISHED SIXTY DAYS BEFORE EVERY BUDGET BY THE MONETARY POLICY COMMITTEE OF THE BANK OF ENGLAND. IT WOULD SET OUT THE CURRENT EFFECT OF TAX POLICY ON INTEREST RATES, AND THE ANTICIPATED IMPACT IN THE YEAR AHEAD OF EXISTING PLANS AND LIKELY ALTERNATIVES. THIS WOULD MAKE FISCAL POLICY MORE TRANSPARENT AND OPEN.  - PROMOTE BETTER VALUE FOR MONEY. TOO MANY GOVERNMENT PROGRAMMES HAVE BEEN INTRODUCED IN THE PAST WITHOUT PROPER ANALYSIS OF PILOT PROJECTS. WE WILL USE EVIDENCE-BASED POLICY MAKING TO GIVE THE TAXPAYER BETTER VALUE FOR MONEY.     AS RESOURCES ALLOW, WE PLAN TO:  - GIVE TAXPAYERS GREATER CHOICE OVER HOW TAXES ARE SPENT. TAXPAYERS IN EACH OF THE NATIONS OF THE UK WILL BE GIVEN A SERIES OF SPECIFIC INVESTMENT OPTIONS AND WILL BE ABLE TO EXPRESS THEIR CHOICE BY RETURNING A TEAR-OFF SLIP FROM THEIR ANNUAL P60 FORMS. THEY WOULD BE GIVEN THE OPPORTUNITY, SAY, TO CHOOSE TO GIVE 1% OF INCOME TAX (CURRENTLY AROUND £1 BILLION) MONEY TO HOSPITALS OR SCHOOLS. THIS MEASURE WILL BE INTRODUCED WHEN REVENUES ALLOW FOLLOWING CONSULTATION BETWEEN THE UK GOVERNMENT AND THE NATIONS AND REGIONS OF THE UK.  - REMOVE TAXATION FOR THE LOWEST PAID. WE BELIEVE THAT PEOPLE START PAYING TAX AT TOO LOW A LEVEL AND WILL WORK TO REDUCE THE BURDEN OF TAXATION ON THE LOW PAID. OVER TIME, WE WILL CUT THE 10P TAX RATE TO ZERO SO NOBODY PAYS ANY TAX ON THEIR EARNINGS UP TO £6,500. AT PRESENT, THIS WOULD TAKE 1.4 MILLION PEOPLE ON LOW INCOMES (1.1 MILLION OF WHOM ARE WOMEN) OUT OF TAX ALTOGETHER. ANYONE EARNING LESS THAN £25,000 WOULD PAY LESS TAX – EVEN ALLOWING FOR OUR 1P ON EDUCATION.     SETTING YOU FREE  - STRENGTHEN THE INDEPENDENCE OF THE BANK OF ENGLAND. THE LIBERAL DEMOCRATS WERE THE ONLY PARTY TO PROPOSE INDEPENDENCE FOR THE BANK AT THE LAST ELECTION. LABOUR ADOPTED OUR PROPOSAL, BUT WE WOULD GO FURTHER. WE WILL MAKE MEMBERS OF THE MONETARY POLICY COMMITTEE MORE INDEPENDENT BY GIVING THEM NON-RENEWABLE TERMS AND MAKING THEM MORE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE UK AS A WHOLE. WE WILL ALSO MAKE THE APPOINTMENTS SYSTEM MORE OPEN AND TRANSPARENT.  GREEN ACTION  GREENING THE BUDGET  WE WILL PUBLISH A FULL ‘GREEN BUDGET’ ASSESSMENT OF EVERY BUDGET. THIS WILL ENSURE THAT ENVIRONMENTAL PRIORITIES ARE AT THE HEART OF GOVERNMENT SPENDING PLANS, AND THAT THE CHANCELLOR IS HELD TO ACCOUNT FOR MAKING ECONOMIC POLICY MORE SUSTAINABLE.  MAKING THE POLLUTER PAY  WE REGARD IT AS ESSENTIAL TO MAKE A MAJOR SHIFT IN TAXATION FROM ‘GOODS’ LIKE WEALTH CREATION WHICH BENEFIT BRITAIN TO ‘BADS’ WHICH ARE HARMFUL LIKE POLLUTION. WE ALSO WANT TO SUPPORT GREEN TECHNOLOGY AND NEW ENVIRONMENTAL INDUSTRIES. WE WILL ESTABLISH A GREEN TAX COMMISSION TO MAKE CLEAR RECOMMENDATIONS ON REFORMING THE TAX SYSTEM, GUARANTEEING THAT INCREASES IN ENVIRONMENTAL TAXES WILL BE MATCHED BY TAX CUTS ELSEWHERE. GREEN TAXATION WILL INVOLVE TAXING DIFFERENTLY, NOT TAXING MORE.
The Real Alternative  Applicability note:  Liberal Democrats have championed the devolution of powers to Scotland and Wales, and many decisions made in Westminster now apply to England only. That means that policies in those nations are increasingly different from those in England – reflecting different choices, priorities and circumstances, and often the influence of Liberal Democrats in government. Our Scottish and Welsh Parties will publish their own manifestos, based on this document but reflecting those differences. This manifesto sets out our plans for a Liberal Democrat government in Westminster.  Promoted and published by Chris Rennard on behalf of the Liberal Democrats, both at 4 Cowley Street, London, SW1P 3NB.  INTRODUCTION BY CHARLES KENNEDY  I believe that the 2001 – 2005 parliament will be remembered as the period during which the Liberal Democrats came of age, ushering in a new era of truly three-party politics. That is why we enter this General Election campaign with such optimism, unity of purpose and public goodwill.  We have been tested – inside and outside parliament – as never before. We have stuck to our principles: from our opposition to the war in Iraq to our defence of fundamental civil liberties over control orders. Again and again, we have been the real opposition to Tony Blair’s increasingly discredited Government – over Council Tax, top-up and tuition fees, and ID cards.  The challenge – and the opportunity – is now to provide the real alternative at this election. That is what this manifesto is all about – detailing our analysis and policy ambitions; and all of it is underpinned by costed and credible pledges. We are determined that what we promise can be achieved. Our figures, based on official costings, all add up. And at the heart of our programme is a determination to achieve a fairer and more straightforward tax system which delivers the social priorities we believe that people want.  The mark of a decent society is one which creates opportunity for young people and provides security and dignity for those in their older years. At both ends of the age spectrum, we believe that Britain must do better. That’s why we set our commitment to abolishing student top-up and tuition fees alongside our determination to guarantee free long-term personal care for the elderly. And we can point with pride to the example of Scotland, where Liberal Democrat ministers in government have already delivered both these policies. In addition, we would scrap the Council Tax and replace it with a fair system based on people’s ability to pay.  Society is still scarred by inequality. Tackling that is a priority for the Liberal Democrats. For example, it’s time that we redressed the scandalous discrimination against women in the state pension system. We propose a ‘citizen’s pension’, based on residency instead of national insurance contributions, which would – at last – provide women who have spent time caring for children and elderly parents a pension in their own right.  In addition, we remain proud of a Britain which is enriched precisely because it is a multi-racial, multi-ethnic society. We will not pander to fear and prejudice. We offer fair and effective policies over the distinct issues of asylum and immigration.  Through all our thinking, there is a green thread of environmental awareness and urgency. We are by far the greenest of the three main UK political parties and this manifesto again confirms that fact.  It is a privilege at this election to be leading the most socially progressive party in British politics. Our priorities here at home are clear; our instinctive internationalism – through positive and proactive engagement with Europe, the United Nations and the Commonwealth – is definitive.  I am ambitious for the Liberal Democrats and the Liberal Democrats are the real alternative at this election. Please read, reflect – and if you like what we stand for, your support can make the difference.    OUR PRINCIPLES   Freedom. Fairness. Trust. These are the qualities of the British people at their best, and they are the guiding principles of the Liberal Democrats.  This manifesto is built on these principles – principles that we believe must underpin the government of this country, but which are too often lacking in public life today.  FREEDOM – because Liberal Democrats believe that individuals should govern their own lives, free from unnecessary interference by government or society. So we want to build a society which gives individual men and women opportunities to pursue their aims, develop their talents and shape their successes. A country where people are free to shape their future is stronger, wealthier, happier, and more fulfilled.  FAIRNESS – because ill-health, disability, poverty, environmental pollution and the fear of crime curtail freedom, just as much as discriminatory laws or arrest without trial. So we want government to provide the essential requirements that everyone needs to make real choices in their lives – a good education, a decent pension, a clean environment, effective policing and high quality healthcare. And we want to see fairness too in the way in which taxes are raised and minorities are treated.  TRUST – because to deliver freedom and fairness, we need to give citizens the power to hold government to account. So we want to see government brought closer to the people it is meant to serve – which is why we are committed to curtail the personal power and patronage of the Prime Minister, strengthen British democracy, and hand many powers back from central government to local neighbourhoods, with real democratic control over those who wield power.  Throughout this manifesto we explain how we will put these beliefs into practice creating a society where people are more free, where government exercises its powers more fairly, and where the bond of trust is re-established between the people and their government.  Throughout this manifesto, we recognise our responsibility to future generations, to protect the precious environment that sustains all life on the planet. Policies for environmental sustainability are therefore set out in every area – because for us, environmental policy is not an optional extra but an integral part of the way in which we will govern.  Throughout this manifesto, we show how we can help achieve these aims through Britain playing a leading role in Europe and on the wider international stage, building effective global institutions and acting in accordance with international laws – because in an ever more globalised and interdependent world, isolation is in none of our interests.  Throughout this manifesto you will find this Liberal Democrat approach. Freedom. Fairness. Trust.  Costings  Liberal Democrats are open and straightforward about how we will pay for our policies. At the last three general elections we set out full details of how much our policies would cost and how we would pay for them. None of the other parties did this.  Labour has increased spending, an increase only the Liberal Democrats were honest enough to propose at the last election. Given this growth in spending, most of our proposals at this election can be funded from savings in current budgets. This means switching around £5 billion each year from low-priority government programmes in order to fund our key proposals. Our savings include:  - CUTTING SUBSIDIES. By abolishing the Department of Trade and Industry and ending unnecessary subsidies we will save approximately one third of the Department’s expenditure. This will be re-invested instead in our priorities set out in this manifesto.  - USING THE MONEY SET ASIDE FOR THE CHANCELLOR’S CHILD TRUST FUND TO CUT CLASS SIZES IN PRIMARY SCHOOLS. The Child Trust Fund will cost almost £1.5 billion over a parliament to give cash handouts when today’s babies reach 18. It’s better for these children to benefit from the money now, in their early years, by cutting class sizes.  - NOT INTRODUCING ID CARDS. Hundreds of millions can be saved by not introducing ID cards. That money would be better spent on increasing the number of police on the streets by 10,000 and providing them with the technology to make them more effective.  We will also make taxes fairer – cutting costs for most people. At present, people on low incomes or in old age have to pay a higher proportion of their income in taxes and government charges than those who are much better off. That cannot be right. Today, under Labour, the poorest 20 per cent of the population pay 38 per cent of their income in tax, compared with just 35 per cent for the richest 20 per cent. That is unfair. Three of our key policies will create a fairer distribution of the costs of public services*:  SCRAPPING TUITION AND TOP-UP FEES FOR STUDENTS.  Cost: £1.2 billion per year.  INTRODUCING FREE PERSONAL CARE FOR ELDERLY AND DISABLED PEOPLE.  Cost: £1.7 billion per year.  KEEPING DOWN LOCAL TAXES (AS WELL AS BASING THEM ON ABILITY TO PAY).  Cost: £2.0 billion per year.  These three items will cost £4.9 billion and we will pay for them with one tax change. We will introduce a new 50 per cent rate on the portion of individual income exceeding £100,000 a year. Just one per cent of taxpayers will pay this (because they can afford to) whilst most people will be better off as we abolish student tuition fees, abolish care charges for the elderly, and abolish the Council Tax.  * All figures are for financial year 2006/7.  MATTHEW TAYLOR  CHAIR OF THE LIBERAL DEMOCRAT PARLIAMENTARY PARTY   Green Action  The environment features on every page of this manifesto – a strong green thread running through everything we do and promise.    PUTTING PATIENTS FIRST    It is not asking much, surely? A National Health Service that helps you stay healthy, and makes sure that when you do fall ill you are treated quickly, irrespective of wealth or status.  Yet despite the investment now going in – which Liberal Democrats so famously pressed the government to deliver – far too much is still wrong in the NHS.  Older people needing basic care, such as feeding, dressing and washing, are too often forced to pay – sometimes even to sell their homes – despite the Government’s own Royal Commission report saying this is wrong.  Instead of doctors and nurses being freed up to give their best to patients, Labour ministers try to pull the strings with pointless targets and endless bureaucracy. Instead of clean wards and the most modern equipment, MRSA and other superbugs are spreading, and scanners lie idle for lack of trained staff.  Labour and Conservative politicians talk about ‘choice’ – but health care isn’t like choosing a supermarket or a pair of shoes. I believe that choice has a place in the NHS, but I don’t subscribe to the false idea that choice will solve all its problems. When you have a heart attack or a serious accident, and are rushed to hospital, no one wants to know that if they could have had the choice there’s a hospital fifty miles away with better funding and better equipment. What people want is their own local hospital well-funded, well-staffed and well-equipped to give them the best possible chance to survive and recover.  The NHS was conceived by Beveridge, a Liberal, and brought into being by a Labour administration very different from today’s Government. Too often hitting the government target means missing the point. It is time to remember the founding principles of the NHS: care, of the highest possible quality, available fairly to all who need it, with doctors free to focus on the patient, not the red tape.  Paul Burstow  Liberal Democrat Shadow Secretary of State for Health  Health  FREE PERSONAL CARE. Those towards the end of their lives deserve the best possible care. Liberal Democrats will provide free personal care for elderly people and people with disabilities, for as long as they need it, funded out of our new 50 per cent rate on that part of people’s incomes over £100,000. In short, we will implement the recommendations of the independent Royal Commission on Long-Term Care. Liberal Democrats in government in Scotland have already achieved this for elderly people.  QUICKER DIAGNOSIS FOR SERIOUS CONDITIONS – SO YOUR NHS TREATMENT IS NOT DELAYED. Your chances of surviving life-threatening and debilitating illnesses improve the swifter the diagnosis. When a GP considers you may have a serious illness we will make sure you are offered diagnosis by the quickest practical route, public or private, so that the NHS can treat you more quickly. More tests and scans will be available in places like GPs’ surgeries and community pharmacies. We will tackle the scandal of expensive scanners being under-used by investing in training, recruitment and retention of the key staff needed to operate them. We will provide more scans at weekends and in the evenings. We will publish waiting times for tests and scans – figures which the Labour Government has refused to make public.  CUT UNFAIR CHARGES – FREE EYE AND DENTAL CHECKS, FEWER PRESCRIPTION CHARGES. To reduce the risk of illness going undetected we will end the charges for eye and dental check-ups which deter people from coming forward for testing. It is also unfair that some people living with long-term conditions pay no prescription charges, while people with other, equally serious, conditions (such as cystic fibrosis and multiple sclerosis) have to pay. We will extend the range of long-term conditions which qualify for exemption from prescription charges, based on an independent review.  PUT PATIENTS FIRST – MORE DOCTORS AND NURSES, FREE FROM WHITEHALL MEDDLING. We will complete NHS plans to recruit at least an extra 8,000 more doctors, 12,000 more nurses and 18,000 more therapists and scientists by 2008. That will cut waiting times and improve the quality of care. Doctors, nurses and therapists are highly trained and dedicated health professionals, while ministers and civil servants are not. Liberal Democrats will hack away the red tape and abolish the absurd targets set by government, and free frustrated health professionals from demoralising government meddling. Clinical decisions should be taken by health professionals and local investment will be determined by locally elected and accountable people who can be removed by local people if they get it wrong. Scrapping unnecessary centralised targets will mean that your local hospital will have the time and flexibility to put patients first, providing personalised care and cleaner hospitals and treating the sickest the quickest.  HIGH-QUALITY DENTAL CARE. Many people can’t find an NHS dentist to take them on. We will reform NHS dental contracts so that more dentists are encouraged to do more NHS work. This will rebuild the relationship between the dental profession and government which has been badly damaged under Conservatives and Labour. Personal Dental Plans will set out how frequently people should have a check-up, how better to look after their teeth and, for those with serious dental problems, their future course of treatment.  GIVE PEOPLE MORE CONTROL OVER THEIR HEALTHCARE. We will encourage regular health ‘MoTs’ tailored to individual patients’ needs, with wider access to screening and blood pressure and cholesterol tests. Tens of thousands of patients die in the NHS every year without access to specialised care and pain management. We will prioritise extending choice and access to these services, including more support for hospices. People with long-term conditions should be entitled to an agreed Personal Care Plan, setting out their course of treatment, where and when they will be treated, and what other help, such as social care, they will receive. We will introduce new legislation to safeguard the rights and welfare of people with mental health problems, allowing them to exercise more control over their treatment. We will end inappropriate age discrimination within the NHS; for example, many older women are not currently invited for the routine breast cancer screening which could save their lives.  PREVENTION IS AS IMPORTANT AS CURE. We will concentrate on helping people stay healthy, as well as caring for them when they fall ill. According to the NHS report, Securing our Future Health, the Government’s failure to tackle the unnecessary causes of ill-health will cost the NHS an extra £30 billion a year by 2022. If the causes of ill-health aren’t tackled, the NHS of the future won’t be able to cope – so we will give people the information and opportunities to make healthy choices, for example through clearer food and alcohol labelling. To improve children’s health, on top of plans to increase funding for school meals, we will introduce minimum nutrition standards for school meals, as we already have in Scotland; we will restrict advertising of unhealthy food during children’s television programmes; and we will require food and drink sold in vending machines on school premises to meet minimum health and nutrition standards. Because second-hand smoke kills, we will ban smoking in all enclosed public places. Our policies as a whole will help tackle other causes of ill-health, such as poverty, pollution and poor housing.  Green Action:  CLEAN AIR AND WATER. Pollution in the air, in water and in the food chain causes or aggravates many illnesses as well as destroying the environment. We support the adoption of the EU Registration, Evaluation and Authorisation of Chemicals (REACH) Directive. This will mean that information becomes available to the public on the consequences of exposure to all chemicals in daily use and that those of high concern are replaced by safer alternatives.  PROMOTE WALKING AND CYCLING. Fewer school-run car journeys means less pollution, less congestion and fewer road deaths. Children walking or cycling to school also get fitter – but the journey must be safe. Liberal Democrats will encourage and promote nationally what many Liberal Democrat councils already do locally, such as ‘Safe Routes to School’ with calmed traffic, safe pavements, good lighting and adults on hand to conduct ‘walking buses’. We will also provide more cycle routes and reform planning rules to make sure that key services are more easily accessible by foot or bicycle. This will benefit adults as well as children.  “My diagnosis for the NHS is simple really – and the Liberal Democrats share it. More doctors, nurses and health professionals on the front line, free to take professional decisions on the basis of patient need, speedier diagnosis, and effective treatment. Labour’s red tape, and Conservative private subsidies, make no sense.”  JULIA NEUBERGER  LIBERAL DEMOCRAT HEALTH SPOKESPERSON IN THE LORDS AND FORMER CHIEF EXECUTIVE OF THE LEADING HEALTH POLICY INSTITUTE, THE KING’S FUND  Ambitious for Every Child  The finest investment our generation can make is to give a high-quality education to the next generation. Nothing sets a child free more than this. If we are successful, each and every child is given the opportunity to unlock their potential. If we fail then we put their whole future at risk.  Before I became an MP I worked for thirty four years as a teacher – the last fifteen as head teacher of one of Britain’s largest secondary schools. I taught some of the most disadvantaged children in the country, and I saw at first hand the power of a high-quality education. Indeed, my passion to enter Parliament came because I could no longer stand aside whilst politicians continued to fail our children.  As a head teacher I was utterly dismayed by the way in which Conservative and Labour politicians used education as a political football. Each new education minister had to make their mark by changing the curriculum, increasing red tape, interfering in the classroom and pretending education could be micro-managed from London. Yet not one of them seemed genuinely prepared to fight for the investment needed to reduce class sizes, provide modern equipment, support good discipline and provide a well-trained teacher workforce.  The policies I have helped develop are about addressing these issues. They are about striving for excellence and being ambitious for every child and every student. I want our young people to maximise their potential by being free to choose the most appropriate university course without fear of a mountain of debt. I want them to be able to choose high-quality apprenticeships and skill training – not as a second-best option but ranked alongside traditional academic pathways. And I want to see adults, too, being given the opportunity to acquire new skills to meet the demands of ever-changing technologies and global competition.  Parents are rightly ambitious for their children – I most certainly was for my own. I am proud of what many children already achieve, but more can be done. Quite simply, we must be ambitious for every child.  PHIL WILLIS  LIBERAL DEMOCRAT SHADOW SECRETARY OF STATE FOR EDUCATION AND SKILLS   Education and Skills  NO TUITION FEES, NO TOP-UP FEES, FAIR GRANTS – UNIVERSITY AFFORDABLE FOR EVERY STUDENT. Labour broke their promise on tuition fees. The result: tens of thousands of able students are saddled with mortgage-sized debts or deterred altogether from going to university. Funded from part of our new 50 per cent rate on incomes over £100,000, Liberal Democrats will abolish all tuition fees and make grants available to help poorer students with maintenance costs. That will build on the achievements of Liberal Democrats in government in Scotland. No one will be denied the opportunity of a university education because of the fear of debt, while universities will receive the increased funds they need.  CUT CLASS SIZES – USING THE £1.5 BILLION CHILD TRUST FUND. Expert opinion confirms what common sense tells us: children well taught and well-cared-for in their early years have a better opportunity to lead successful and rewarding lives. The Government has the wrong priorities, handing out a one-off cash windfall to 18 year-olds at taxpayers’ expense through the Child Trust Fund. Liberal Democrats will use this money better by recruiting 21,000 more teachers to cut infant class sizes from the present maximum of 30 to an average of 20, and junior class sizes to an average of 25. We will extend before and after school provision from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. for all children and complete 3500 Children’s Centres by 2010. Building on our Maternity Income Guarantee, which will raise maternity pay for the first six months to £170 a week instead of £102.80 at present, these policies will give every child the best possible start.  EVERY CHILD TAUGHT ENGLISH, MATHS, SCIENCE, MODERN LANGUAGES, PLUS INFORMATION AND COMMUNICATION TECHNOLOGY, BY SUITABLY QUALIFIED TEACHERS. The teacher recruitment crisis means that thousands of children are being taught key subjects by staff who are not trained specialists in that subject. Liberal Democrats will guarantee that all children will be taught the core subjects of English, Maths, Science, Modern Languages and ICT by suitably qualified teachers through funding secondary schools to provide the necessary high-quality teacher-training courses in these subjects.  SCHOOL DISCIPLINE. Children need to learn in a safe and orderly environment, where high standards of behaviour are upheld, where bullying is challenged effectively and where teachers are able to teach without disruption. Our smaller class sizes will help reduce discipline problems. To deal with more persistent disruption schools will agree externally-monitored ‘positive behaviour plans’ with parents and pupils. If necessary, local education authorities’ Behavioural Support Units will tackle exceptional problems in particular schools. When all else fails we will guarantee that head teachers will have local education authority support for ‘managed transfer’ to other schools or special units for pupils whose behaviour remains unacceptable.  TIME TO TEACH. Children in England are now the most tested in Europe, yet there is little evidence that the Government’s obsession with testing and targets has improved standards. Liberal Democrats believe that teachers should be given more time to teach and that testing should have a clear purpose: to improve learning for individual children. We will reduce the level of external testing, replacing compulsory tests at seven and eleven with a system of sampling against national standards. Teachers will regularly assess pupils’ performance, using the results to inform teaching and give parents accurate information on their child’s progress.  SPECIAL EDUCATIONAL NEEDS. Children with special educational needs should be schooled in an environment appropriate to their needs - usually in local schools with appropriate support, or in specialist schools for those who need them. Parents’ wishes must be considered when making decisions about type of schooling. A designated teacher in each school will have responsibility to identify and plan for children with special needs, and act as a contact point for parents and other teachers. We will make sure that all teachers and teaching assistants working with children with special educational needs are appropriately trained. Special schools will act as resource centres to support local schools with their specialist provision. In turn special schools will be linked to research departments in universities so that they can benefit directly from, and be involved with, the latest research in special education.  SKILLS FOR WORK. School-leavers should be equipped with the skills they need to succeed in the workplace. We will combine GCSE, A-level and vocational programmes of study within a new diploma system, stretching the most gifted and engaging those previously turned off by schooling. We will give all students over the age of 14 the opportunity to combine vocational and academic learning, as Liberal Democrats in government in Scotland are already doing.  WORLD-CLASS SKILLS FOR A WORLD-CLASS ECONOMY. We are committed to closing the funding gap between schools and colleges, starting by providing equal funding for equivalent courses, wherever they are taught. To deliver world-class skills, world-class facilities are needed. We will implement plans to invest in the modern, high-quality college facilities needed to deliver high-quality skills training.  SCHOOL TRANSPORT. We will maintain the right of children to free school transport when they live more than two miles from their designated primary school and three miles from their secondary school – a right which is being taken away by the Labour Government. For those who live nearer school, there still need to be safe alternatives to the car; we will promote ‘Safe Routes to School’, with calmed traffic, safe pavements, good lighting and adults on hand to conduct ‘walking buses’.  Green Action:  GREEN EVERY SCHOOL, COLLEGE AND UNIVERSITY. All plans for new educational buildings must be good for the environment as well as good for education, for example by minimising the need for heating and using sustainable building materials. By putting the two together, children and students can learn about caring for the environment by seeing green projects in real action in their own school or college. We also believe that out-of-classroom learning is a key part of a good education, and will include the quality of out-of-classroom education in the criteria on which schools are inspected.  “In Scotland, thanks to Liberal Democrats in government, we have already abolished tuition fees, just as we promised. When you vote Liberal Democrat, people can now see it really makes the difference. This time, I hope you’ll help us deliver the same for all of Britain.”  JIM WALLACE QC MSP  DEPUTY FIRST MINISTER OF THE SCOTTISH EXECUTIVE AND MINISTER FOR ENTERPRISE AND LIFELONG LEARNING  TACKLING CRIME, DEFENDING LIBERTY  Crime – and the fear of crime – wrecks people’s lives. Governments keep talking tough, but everyone knows it isn’t working. It’s time to concentrate on the basics: more police on the beat, more effort to stop prisoners re-offending, more help for victims of crime.  This Government just keeps trying to take away citizens’ basic freedoms – such as the right to jury trial, or to demonstrate peacefully outside parliament. They even wanted the power to lock anyone up at the whim of the Home Secretary. They plan to charge every citizen nearly £100 each to hold a compulsory identity card, despite the fact that other countries have found that they don’t work. It’s all done in the name of cutting crime and tackling terrorism; but it is the terrorists who want to take away freedom and democracy – our government should defend our liberties.  The truth is that ID cards did not stop the Spanish train bombs, and even the 9/11 bombers had their papers in order. The US has ruled out ID cards because they don’t work. What stops both terrorists and criminals is good intelligence and effective investigation – and that takes a lot more police. What protects Britain’s borders is not costly ID cards for law-abiding British citizens, but a strong UK Border Force detecting illegal entry and criminal activity.  Both the Conservatives and Labour like to talk tough, but have failed to deliver. I want my children to grow up in a safe community, while keeping intact the basic freedoms for which the British people have fought so hard across the centuries.  MARK OATEN  LIBERAL DEMOCRAT SHADOW HOME SECRETARY   Justice and Crime  10,000 MORE POLICE ON THE STREETS – CUT CRIME AND THE FEAR OF CRIME. By getting rid of Labour’s expensive, illiberal and ineffective ID card scheme, we will pay for 10,000 police on top of Labour’s plans. We will also complete existing plans for an extra 20,000 community support officers to back them up. The average police officer today spends more time in the police station than they do on the streets. We will give the police the technology they need, and simplify the bureaucracy they face, to allow them to spend more time on patrol and less time tied to the desk. We will concentrate more police efforts on tackling drug traffickers and those drug users who resort to crime to feed their habits, rather than criminalising people possessing cannabis only for their own personal use.  MAKE OFFENDERS PAY BACK TO VICTIMS AND THEIR COMMUNITIES. Liberal Democrats will make more non-violent criminals, such as fine defaulters, shoplifters and petty vandals, do tough community work as an alternative to jail. Experience shows that this reduces re-offending, gives them skills for legitimate work, and means that they pay back to the community. Through Community Justice Panels, local people will have more say in the punishment offenders carry out in the community – for example, by making them clean off graffiti or repair damage to victims’ property.  GET TOUGH ON ANTI-SOCIAL BEHAVIOUR. Many towns and cities are becoming no-go areas at the weekend. We will tackle excessive drinking by cracking down on licensees who serve people when clearly drunk or under-age. We will make big late-night venues contribute to the cost of extra late-night policing. Unacceptable noise and offensive behaviour will be tackled through Acceptable Behaviour Contracts agreed between the individual, their family, the police and the local authority. Where individuals do not co-operate we will use Anti-Social Behaviour Orders, plus appropriate measures to tackle underlying causes.  GIVE PRISONERS SKILLS FOR WORK, NOT CRIME. With four out of five prisoners functionally illiterate, and over half of prisoners re-offending, it’s time to make prison work. Prisoners will be subject to a tough working day, with increased resources for education and training a top priority so that they learn the skills to acquire a legitimate job. The effort a prisoner puts into their education and work-related skills will be one of the factors used when considering their release date, as part of our emphasis on tackling the causes of crime.  QUALITY INVESTIGATIONS, SAFE CONVICTIONS, FIGHTING CRIME AND TERROR. We will increase police resources to improve the detection and investigation of crime. We will create a co-ordinated UK Border Force to strengthen the country’s borders against terrorism, people-trafficking and drug smuggling. We oppose moves to reduce or remove rights to jury trial, and the routine use of hearsay evidence or revelation of previous convictions. We opposed Labour’s plans to allow the Home Secretary to order house arrest and other restrictions on personal liberty. A British citizen’s liberty must only be removed through a fair judicial process, not on the command of politicians. Liberal Democrats achieved substantial amendment of the Prevention of Terrorism Act, but it still has serious flaws, and we will repeal it. Effective action against terrorism is vital, and our priority will be to extend the criminal law to enable terrorist suspects to be prosecuted in the mainstream courts. We will admit evidence from communications interception. If control orders are still required they must be granted by a judge, be time-limited and be subject to a high standard of proof.  FIRM BUT FAIR ON ASYLUM. For centuries Britain has had a proud record of granting safe refuge to those fleeing persecution. In turn, refugees have enriched the UK’s culture and wealth immeasurably. The Home Office has a record of delays and bad decisions on asylum, so we will transfer responsibility for assessing asylum claims to a dedicated agency to sort out the mess, ensuring that those who need help get it, whilst those who don’t can’t abuse the system. We will work within the EU to develop common standards so that all EU countries take their fair share of refugees. We will also end asylum-seekers’ dependence on benefits, allowing them to work so they can pay their own way and use their skills to benefit everyone.  STRENGTHEN THE FIGHT AGAINST DISCRIMINATION. We will introduce a Single Equality Act to outlaw all unfair discrimination, (including on the grounds of race, gender, religion or belief, sexual orientation, disability, age or gender identity), thus giving equal protection for all. We will establish hate-crimes investigation units in each police force to co-ordinate information and action against racism, homophobia and other hate crimes. Liberal Democrats led the call for an amendment to the laws on incitement to racial hatred, to criminalise those who use religious words as a pretext for race hate. Our Equality Act will stop same-sex couples in civil partnerships being treated unfairly compared with married couples in pension arrangements.  Green Action:  TOUGHER ACTION TO ENFORCE HIGH ENVIRONMENTAL STANDARDS. The courts have struggled to enforce the rules in environmental cases that are often highly technical and specialised. We will improve the enforcement of pollution controls through a specialist Environmental Tribunal to deal with enforcing environmental rules. We will also make sure that the level of penalties that polluters have to pay are appropriate to the offence – at present they are often trivial compared to the profits from environmental crime.  “I have been been horrified to find that Labour doesn’t seem to understand that in fighting crime and terrorism, the point is to defend Britain’s justice and democracy, not give it away. Tough Liberal policies put more police on the beat and tackle the causes of crime. We won’t surrender Britain’s liberties.”  NAVNIT DHOLAKIA  LIBERAL DEMOCRAT DEPUTY LEADER IN THE LORDS AND SPOKESPERSON ON HOME AFFAIRS  BUILDING PROSPERITY FOR BRITAIN  There is no job more important for any government than managing the economy well.  When Labour was first elected, they seemed to understand this. Liberal Democrats were the first to propose making the Bank of England independent, to stop politicians playing with interest rates to suit their own re-election rather than the economy. Gordon Brown adopted this suggestion, even though there had been nothing in Labour’s manifesto about it.  As a result, and by balancing the books – with the advantage of relatively good world economic conditions – the economy prospered.  Increasingly, Labour has started to make mistakes. Too many rules and tax complications, holding businesses back. Inadequate action to contain the explosion of personal debt. Economic forecasts making unrealistic assumptions about future growth. Failure to take the tough decisions to prioritise taxpayers’ money, to spend it where it matters most. Over-complicated tax credits and means-tested benefits.  As the former Chief Economist at Shell, I have wrestled with these problems all my life, including advising governments. I know these decisions are not easy – and can easily be thrown by world events.  So I want to make clear my priorities for managing the economy:  First, and most important, I will ensure a stable and well-managed economy. I’ll stick to the Golden Rules – that government borrowing should only finance investment over the economic cycle, and that government debt should be no higher that 40 per cent of GDP. To make sure of that, I’ll give the National Audit Office the job of publicly checking the budget figures.  Second, I will insist on tough choices on public spending, cutting out low priorities in order to spend more on what matters most. As a result, all our policies are costed and affordable.  Third, I will introduce fairer taxes. Our only net tax rise in this manifesto is on that slice of people’s earnings over £100,000 a year, in order to abolish student tuition fees and care charges on the elderly, and cut local taxes. But we will make taxes fairer – such as replacing the Council Tax with a system based on ability to pay. The typical household’s tax bill will be cut by around £450 each year as a result.  Finally, simpler taxes. Gordon Brown has endlessly made the tax system more complex and unworkable. That, in the end, is self-defeating, simply adding to business costs, chaos at the Inland Revenue, and misery for confused taxpayers.  These simple rules are my basic principles – and foundation–stones for Britain’s future prosperity.  VINCENT CABLE  LIBERAL DEMOCRAT SHADOW CHANCELLOR OF THE EXCHEQUER   The Economy  ALL OUR POLICIES ARE COSTED AND AFFORDABLE. Unlike the other parties, we have consistently set out costings for our manifesto pledges, explaining how much money they will need and how they will all be paid for. So this manifesto includes a specific section outlining our main costings. Our package of tough choices on spending, and fairer taxes, means that most people will be better off. There is only one proposed net tax rise (to 50 per cent on the proportion of incomes over £100,000 a year, affecting just one per cent of taxpayers) which will pay for the abolition of student tuition fees, free personal care for the elderly, and lower local taxes. Most people’s tax will be cut by replacing Council Tax with a system based on ability to pay, saving the typical household around £450 per year.  TOUGH CHOICES IN PUBLIC SPENDING. Liberal Democrats have different spending priorities from Labour. We believe that in order to concentrate resources on currently under-funded areas such as pensions, policing and early years education, funding should be switched from lower priority areas. That means reducing unnecessary subsidies to industry, and cutting wasteful new initiatives like the ID card and the Child Trust Fund handouts for future 18 year-olds. This will allow us to spend more on the things that really matter, like better pensions, more police and smaller class sizes.  A STABLE, WELL-MANAGED ECONOMY. We welcome the greater economic stability that has been established since interest rates were set independently by the Bank of England (which the Liberal Democrats were the first party to advocate). Now, there needs to be more independent scrutiny and discipline in fiscal policy. We will give the National Audit Office the power to scrutinise the budget figures, including public borrowing, so that no Chancellor can fiddle the figures. We will make sure that the Office for National Statistics is independent and accountable to parliament, not subservient to ministers. We will tackle irresponsible credit expansion in mortgages and personal loans by curbing misleading advertising and anti-competitive practices by promoters of insurance for mortgages and loans, and of credit cards. We oppose the increasing complexity of business taxes and we will consult with business on a simpler and fairer system, giving priority to helping small businesses.  FAIRER TAXES. Under Labour, ordinary hard-working families pay more as a share of their incomes in tax than the very rich. Under Labour, the elderly have to sell their homes to pay for their care, while rising Council Tax and university top-up fees are making the system even more unfair. Taking all taxes together, the poorest 20 per cent of the population pay 38 per cent of their income in tax, compared to just 35 per cent for the richest 20 per cent. That’s not what people expected from a Labour Government. Liberal Democrats will make the tax system fairer and simpler. As a first step towards reducing tax paid by low earners, we will axe the unfair Council Tax and replace it with a Local Income Tax based on people’s ability to pay. This will cut the typical household’s tax bill by over £450. To pay for our policies of abolishing student top-up and tuition fees, ending elderly and disabled people needing to pay for their care, and cutting Council Tax, the richest one per cent of the population will pay 50 per cent tax (up from 41 per cent) on that part of their income over £100,000 per year.  CUT STAMP DUTY. People are increasingly struggling to afford their first home. We will raise the starting point for stamp duty from £120,000 to £150,000. This step will take 150,000 mainly first-time buyers out of paying stamp duty altogether, and cuts the cost of home ownership.  AN OUTWARD-LOOKING ECONOMY. Liberal Democrats support a liberal economic approach to trade, investment and migration in the national interest. We want Britain to be at the centre of a liberalised, reformed European Union. Liberal Democrats believe that Britain should work to create the right economic conditions to join the euro (subject to a referendum) in order to safeguard investment in the UK and reduce the cost and risk of trade with the rest of Europe. We will work to break down the trade barriers that prevent the poorest countries in the world selling their goods to the richer countries on fair terms.  ECONOMIC MIGRATION. Economic migrants have helped make Britain one of the richest countries in the world, both economically and culturally. There remains a positive economic benefit from managed immigration to fill the demand for skills and labour that are in short supply. We will consult with business and the public services to agree numbers of work permits for economic migration to make sure that Britain continues to prosper.  “In Vince Cable, a former leading economist in industry, the Liberal Democrats have as Shadow Chancellor someone who can be relied on to make sure that every Liberal Democrat policy is affordable, and that economic policy delivers more stability and less red tape. This manifesto is realistic, costed, and deliverable – that’s why it wins my support.”  SUSAN KRAMER  FORMER INTERNATIONAL BANKER  Before entering parliament in 1983 I worked in business. The red tape, bureaucracy and wasteful rules were bad enough then. They are much worse today.  People running businesses up and down the country are the powerhouse of the economy. They need the freedom to generate economic growth – yet they are held back, struggling under a mountain of government rules, tax complications, bureaucracy and inspections.  So I have used my experience in business to make one thing sure above all else – that Liberal Democrat business policy is all about making things simpler, easier and fairer for businesses – particularly small businesses – to prosper and grow.  That means getting government off the back of business. For example, we will cut back the cost of business rates for small businesses. We will use ‘sunset clauses’ to prevent unnecessary regulations imposing a burden on business long after their usefulness has passed. And we will get rid of the top-heavy old-style DTI industrial subsidies, investing instead in high-quality training so that young people have the skills employers want.  It also means a fairer playing field between small and large businesses – for example, by tackling the abuse of monopoly power through creating a duty to trade fairly. And where there is a need for government intervention, for example in tackling pollution, our promise is to harness market forces with incentives for sustainable development, so that good businesses pay less tax.  The business people I meet don’t want subsidies, they just want government off their backs. They want government to deliver skills and infrastructure, not ever more red tape. They want the freedom to succeed. These are our ambitions too.  MALCOLM BRUCE  LIBERAL DEMOCRAT TRADE AND INDUSTRY SPOKESPERSON  BUSINESS  CUT THE RED TAPE THAT STOPS BUSINESSES FROM GROWING. Liberal Democrats will slash the red tape, bureaucracy and over-regulation that are holding British businesses – especially small businesses – back. We will start with these three measures:  - No new regulation will be passed until a full assessment of its costs and necessity is published.  - New regulations affecting business will automatically be scrapped unless Parliament specifically approves their renewal after a period specified in a ‘sunset clause’.  - Endless visits by all sorts of inspectors will be replaced in most cases by one all-purpose inspection.  INTRODUCE SMALL-BUSINESS RATE RELIEF. Many small businesses pay a disproportionate amount in rates – as much as 35 per cent of their profits. We will help small businesses by reforming the business rates system to allow firms with a rateable value of less than £25,000 to claim a business rate allowance of up to £1,500. This would represent a saving of over £600 a year for the majority of small businesses. We will also reform the valuation system to base rates on site values, rather than rental value, which penalises businesses that invest in improving their premises.  SCRAP THE DEPARTMENT OF TRADE AND INDUSTRY. There is no need for a big department that interferes in the economy and subsidises failing companies at taxpayers’ expense. The DTI is irrelevant to most enterprises, so in abolishing it Liberal Democrats will cut away its bureaucratic and wasteful functions. We will transfer its useful roles to more appropriate departments, such as support for scientific research to our Department for Education, Skills and Science. The Chief Secretary to the Treasury will take on the role of advocate for business at the Cabinet table. Overall, this will save £8 billion of taxpayers’ money over the life of a parliament. We will invest this saving in our priorities, including improving education and training – which are of far more real benefit to business.  PROTECT CONSUMERS FROM RIP-OFFS. We will introduce a new legal duty on businesses to trade fairly, while cutting back unnecessary red tape and bureaucracy. Enforced by the courts, this will require less form-filling than Labour’s complex rules, yet provide more effective protection for consumers, and promote free competition.  BOOST TOURISM. We will promote domestic tourism opportunities, starting by creating an English Tourism Board to match those in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland, with increased resources for marketing England. These measures will help reduce the ‘tourism deficit’ – the difference between the amount spent by overseas visitors in the UK and the amount spent by UK tourists abroad – which has quadrupled under Labour and now stands at £17 billion.  GREEN ACTION:  USING ECONOMIC INSTRUMENTS TO BENEFIT THE ENVIRONMENT. Green tax reforms and traded permits should be used to encourage people to act in a more environmentally responsible way. We will change the Climate Change Levy into a Carbon Tax, making it more effective at discouraging the use of the polluting fuels and energy sources that harm the environment. We will also strengthen tax incentives to use smaller and less polluting vehicles and create more energy-efficient homes. We will launch a Treasury-led Environmental Incentive Programme, examining tax reforms that will reduce pollution and protect the environment, on the clear principle of taxing differently, not taxing more.  PROMOTE CLEAN ENERGY. Liberal Democrats will make sure that at least 20 per cent of the UK’s electricity comes from a full range of renewable sources by the year 2020, by increasing and reforming the obligation on energy suppliers to use renewable energy. Liberal Democrats will not replace existing nuclear power stations as they come to the end of their safe and economic operating lives – instead we will use renewables and conserve energy. We will encourage the use of alternatives, such as hydrogen fuels, as technology develops.  “It comes down to this: government needs to concentrate on its own job – delivering a stable, sustainable economy, a skilled workforce, and a modern infrastructure. It should only intervene in the market where it can show that the benefits clearly outweigh the costs. Regulation is a last resort. Red tape must be cut. In my experience this combination is unique to the Liberal Democrats.”  IAIN VALLANCE  FORMER CHAIRMAN OF BT AND FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE CBI    Fair Pensions and Benefits  Every week I am contacted by people needing help with problems caused by the unfair and complex pensions and benefits system.  I receive letters from pensioners in poverty, struggling with unfair and demeaning means tests, or forced to pay for the care they need. I hear from women denied even the basic pension simply because they took time out of work to care for their children.  Then there are letters from people who want work to support themselves, fobbed off with government ‘New Deal’ schemes that just don’t give them the training and skills they need to get a job. Letters from workers who are angry that they have been robbed of their company pensions. Letters from people with severe disabilities who are at their wits’ end because of the bureaucracy and complexity of the benefits system.  We are all growing older. Anyone can be suddenly disabled. These days no job is for life. Everyone wants to know that there is a safety net if they, or their family, need it – but equally, no one wants to pay benefits to cheats, or keep people on the dole longer than necessary.  Yet, over and over again successive governments have just complicated the system, hitting decent people with unfair and demeaning means tests and sanctions, introducing computer ‘systems’ that don’t work – and yet have still failed to tackle the frauds effectively.  Before entering Parliament, I was Professor of Social Policy at Bath University, studying the mistakes governments kept making. Since being elected, I have sought to use my professional skills to develop alternatives that will work – plans that will guarantee everyone a decent old age, help when they are disabled or lose their job, and a decent start for every child. These principles of fairness and opportunity are close to the hearts of the British people, and are values held deeply by Liberal Democrats. In one of the richest countries in the world, we should not settle for less.  STEVE WEBB  LIBERAL DEMOCRAT SHADOW SECRETARY OF STATE FOR WORK AND PENSIONS   Pensions and Benefits  OVER £100 MORE ON THE PENSION EVERY MONTH AT 75 – A MILLION PENSIONERS OFF MEANS-TESTING. Millions of elderly people are failing to receive the pensions they’ve earned – and deserve and need – because of demeaning and unworkable means tests. Liberal Democrats will simplify the system, immediately guaranteeing a basic pension at 75 of at least £109.45 per week, with future increases linked to earnings. That’s over £100 a month more at 75 for every single pensioner. Every pensioner couple over 75 will receive at least £167.05 per week state pension – over £140 a month more than at present. This will abolish the need for means tests altogether for a million people.  CITIZEN’S PENSION. Many women who gave up work to bring up their children receive as little as a penny a week because they haven’t paid enough national insurance. From the age of 75 we will give pensioners our increased ‘Citizen’s Pension’ as of right, making sure that 2.8 million women pensioners have security and dignity in retirement.  HELP PENSIONERS BY AXING THE COUNCIL TAX. Too often, pensioners are forced to pay huge Council Tax bills despite being on low incomes, and many will be faced with further massive increases due to revaluation. Replacing Council Tax with Local Income Tax means eight out of ten pensioners will be better off and six million poorer pensioners will pay no local tax at all. Unlike the other parties’ proposals, no one will be denied help simply because of their age or who they live with – everyone will only pay what they can afford.  HELP WORKING PARENTS SPEND MORE TIME WITH THEIR CHILDREN. Becoming a parent for the first time is a daunting and expensive task. Giving new working parents more support has benefits for them, their babies, their employers and the economy. Liberal Democrats will give working families having their first child increased maternity pay for the first six months at the rate of the minimum wage – that’s £170 a week instead of £102.80 at present, a lot more just when parents really need it.  REFORM THE NEW DEAL TO GET MORE PEOPLE INTO WORK. The present New Deal leaves too many people on unnecessary or ineffective schemes rather than getting them into real jobs. Liberal Democrats will instead tailor the assistance so that jobseekers receive the package of support they need to get proper, permanent work. We will also scrap benefit sanctions which leave genuine claimants unable to feed and house themselves.  SCRAP THE CHILD SUPPORT AGENCY. The CSA is failing. Some parents are required to pay an unrealistic amount for maintenance, whilst other payments are never enforced. We would scrap the CSA and hand over its initial assessment and enforcement functions to the Inland Revenue so that payment is enforced fairly and effectively. Special circumstances would be addressed by appeal to a specialist tribunal able to take account of individual circumstances, instead of the present unfair rigid formula.  PROVIDE MORE SUPPORT FOR PEOPLE WITH DISABILITIES. Many severely disabled people feel the cold intensely and cannot afford to heat their homes adequately, despite the fact that the cold will often make their conditions worse. We will help severely disabled people of working age with their fuel bills by giving them the same £200 a year Winter Fuel Payment that pensioners receive. We will also implement the recommendations of the Royal Commission on Long-Term Care to guarantee free personal care for people with disabilities who need it.  PRIVATE AND PUBLIC SECTOR PENSIONS. More than 60,000 workers worked for companies that have gone out of business leaving insufficient money in their pension funds. We will bolster the government’s compensation scheme to make sure that these workers are compensated at the same level available under the new Pension Protection Fund. Unlike Labour, we will give proper time for consultation before making changes to existing public sector pension schemes, and we will honour the entitlements already built up.  BEATING FRAUD AND ERROR. Each year, around £3 billion is lost to the taxpayer due to fraud and error in the social security system – £100 for every taxpayer every year. The new tax credits could add a further £1.6 billion to that loss. We will reverse the spread of mass means-testing, simplify the benefits and tax credit system, and extend fraud prevention and detection activities to all benefits, reducing both fraud and error.  Green Action:  SAVE ENERGY AND CUT FUEL BILLS. Thousands of people – mostly pensioners – die each year from preventable cold-related illnesses. On average, around fifty people die unnecessarily in each constituency every year. Poor home insulation and poor-quality housing lead to cold homes and high fuel bills, the main causes of this ‘fuel poverty’, while the average pensioner household spends £500 a year on energy. We will help pensioners and severely disabled people cut this bill by allowing them to take a year’s Winter Fuel Payment as a voucher redeemable against insulation and energy saving materials. These would be made available at about half price through a partnership with fuel suppliers. A pensioner could save more than £100 from their energy bill every year by investing just one year’s Winter Fuel Payment, and help the environment as well. In this way we will invest in cutting energy use and at the same time help pensioners and severely disabled people stay warm and save money.  “I am appalled that in the fourth richest country in the world, so many pensioners, particularly older women, are trapped in so much poverty. I left the Labour Party and joined the Liberal Democrats four years ago because the more I saw Labour failing in action, the more I realised it was time to face the truth: that the Liberal Democrats are now the only party I can trust to deliver the decent pensions, and above all the free care when it’s needed, to guarantee everyone dignity and security in retirement.”  CLAIRE RAYNER  PRESIDENT OF THE PATIENTS ASSOCIATION AND MEMBER OF THE ROYAL COMMISSION ON LONG-TERM CARE FOR THE ELDERLY  STRONG LOCAL COMMUNITIES  Villages, towns, cities, counties – we all live in communities. As local people, we know what’s good in our own community – and what’s bad. When things go wrong, we want them put right, and to hold those in charge to account if they’re not.  When local democracy works, the people taking decisions are people who actually use their local schools or hospitals, and care about them. They are locally elected people, who earn your trust when they get it right, or are thrown out if they get it wrong.  Yet successive Conservative and Labour governments have stripped power from local communities. Ministers and officials in Whitehall take all the key decisions now, over the heads of local doctors, police chiefs or head teachers – without ever visiting the schools, hospitals or police stations that are so precious to their communities.  Worse still, they’ve imposed an unfair tax system for all this. The Council Tax was dreamt up by the Conservatives, but Labour has made it even worse, with bills rocketing. It’s just not right to force people on incomes as low as £12,000 a year to hand over an average of a thousand pounds or more in Council Tax. Now millions are threatened with huge further increases in Council Tax if Labour and Conservative plans to revalue our homes and change the Council Tax bands go ahead – it’s already hit Wales.  Meanwhile more and more young people can’t even afford a home and the number of homeless families is at a record high. While the Conservatives sold off affordable homes, Labour cut the numbers being built. That’s why I’m so determined to help create new opportunities for people to afford their first home.  It makes no sense to me that local decisions are taken by distant bureaucrats or politicians who don’t know local services, and will never use them. And I will never accept that local taxes should impoverish families and pensioners, or that millions should be unable to afford a decent home. It’s time to cut the Whitehall red tape and absurd rules. Bring in a fair system for paying for local services. Help and encourage voluntary initiatives, such as social enterprises and local credit unions. In other words, it’s time to trust local communities to take their own decisions again.  EDWARD DAVEY  LIBERAL DEMOCRAT SHADOW SECRETARY OF STATE FOR THE OFFICE OF THE DEPUTY PRIME MINISTER   Local Communities  AXE THE UNFAIR COUNCIL TAX – LOCAL INCOME TAX IS FAIR AND AFFORDABLE. On top of the Chancellor’s plans to increase Council Tax yet again, Council Tax revaluation in England in 2007 threatens one in three households with huge and arbitrary rises, as is already happening in Wales. The Council Tax penalises pensioners and people on low incomes, who pay a far higher proportion of their income in Council Tax than the very rich. A Local Income Tax is based very simply on the ability to pay. It would be run through the existing Inland Revenue Income Tax mechanism, so saving hundreds of millions of pounds by abolishing Council Tax administration. The typical household will save around £450 per year, and eight out of ten pensioners will have lower bills.  AFFORDABLE HOMES. We will help tackle the affordable housing crisis by making available public sector land currently owned by the Ministry of Defence, the Department of Health and English Partnerships, sufficient to build 100,000 more homes both for rent and for affordable purchase through shared ownership schemes for local people. We will reform VAT to encourage developers to repair and reuse empty buildings and brownfield land, rather than building on greenfields and eroding the countryside. We will take 150,000 homebuyers a year out of paying stamp duty altogether, by raising the threshold to £150,000. In areas where second homes are overwhelming the local housing market, we will require people to get planning permission before turning another full-time home into a holiday home.  ART, HERITAGE AND SPORT. Liberal Democrats have a proud tradition of championing the arts, culture and heritage, which successive governments have undervalued. This Government’s move towards greater state interference in the arts has threatened to stifle artistic freedom. We will restore the National Lottery funds’ independence, requiring the Department for Culture, Media and Sport to separate clearly government spending from independently determined Lottery spending in its annual reports. We will end Labour’s freeze in the core Arts Council budget, guaranteeing that growth in core arts funding at least matches inflation. We will help protect the built environment by reducing VAT on historic building repairs. We will increase grassroots sports funding, and support the UK’s 2012 Olympic and Paralympic bid.  SET COMMUNITIES FREE FROM WHITEHALL. We will free local councils from many of the stifling controls of central government so that they can innovate and deliver services that meet local people’s real needs. Councils will become genuinely accountable to their local communities rather than being agents of Whitehall. To cut bureaucracy and increase effectiveness we would go much further than Labour or the Tories to cut the burden of inspections, merging eight government inspectorates into one, a streamlined and independent Audit Commission.  PROTECT THE POST OFFICE NETWORK AND UNIVERSAL MAIL DELIVERY. Over 3,500 post offices have closed under Labour, and hundreds more are due to be axed. Thousands also closed under the Conservatives. Our priority is to secure a viable future for the post office network, by developing a business plan based on providing a combination of commercial services, benefits transactions and government information. This will help keep more post offices open. We will maintain the obligation on Royal Mail to provide universal same-price delivery of letters throughout the UK.  Green Action:  TACKLE WASTE. Liberal Democrats will set a long-term goal of zero municipal waste, through waste minimisation, reuse and recycling. As a first step, we will make sure that within seven years 60 per cent of all household waste is recycled and we will aim to offer every household regular kerbside recycling. Manufacturers will be held responsible for disposing of their products and materials that are difficult to reuse or recycle. We will not allow new incinerators for municipal waste unless they can be shown to be the best environmental option after considering all alternatives, including new technologies where waste reduction and reuse are not possible.  PLANNING FOR SUSTAINABILITY. We will reform the planning system to make sure that local authority development plans are sustainable. That means incorporating targets for CO~2~ emission reductions to encourage the development of renewable energy facilities, and accounting for the climate change consequences of policies, including transport. We will also use building regulations to improve the environmental quality of new buildings.  “In the nineteenth century Liberals used local democracy to transform our cities, delivering for the first time clean water and sewerage, public health and education, power and transport. In the twenty-first century, we need to strip away central government red tape and unelected quangos, and set communities free again, to reinvigorate local services on the front-line, and to hold those responsible properly accountable.”  SIMON HUGHES  PRESIDENT OF THE LIBERAL DEMOCRATS   Britain’s Place in Europe and the World  It is often said that foreign affairs is not a determining issue in UK elections. But on this occasion I believe that the conduct of Britain’s foreign affairs, particularly in relation to Iraq, goes right to the heart of the Labour Government’s credibility.  Both at home and abroad trust has been eroded, and Britain’s reputation diminished. It need not have been so. Britain, as a member of the G8, the Security Council of the United Nations, the European Union, NATO and the Commonwealth, has a unique opportunity to be a force for good in the world. British practice has been one of operating through multilateral institutions – and experience shows that when Britain does this, it provides leadership and influence.  But Britain was taken to war against Iraq without express UN authority and on a flawed prospectus. The Government built its case on unreliable intelligence, in circumstances of doubtful legality. Who would have thought that Labour would lead the country into a war which has been compared to the fiasco of Suez?  This must never be allowed to happen again. The work of rebuilding trust and confidence should begin immediately. We can start by committing ourselves to the reforms of the United Nations set out in the High-Level Panel’s sagacious report. We can influence the whole of the Middle East by an unwavering commitment to peace between Israel and the Palestinians. We can sharpen the focus on assistance for the poorest countries in the world through aid, debt relief and trade. We can pursue the cause of human rights wherever they are abused and neglected.  We can truly put ourselves at the heart of Europe and at the heart of its reform. We can make sure that British arms exports neither encourage conflict nor assist repression. We can fashion a new relationship with the United States: a partnership of influence, not one of uncritical subordination. We can base foreign policy on liberal values, respect for the rule of law, and human rights.  I believe that only in this way can we maximise Britain’s influence, and restore Britain’s reputation.  SIR MENZIES CAMPBELL  LIBERAL DEMOCRAT SHADOW FOREIGN SECRETARY    INTERNATIONAL AFFAIRS    WE SHOULD NOT HAVE GONE TO WAR IN IRAQ. There were no weapons of mass destruction, there was no serious and current threat, and inspectors were denied the time they needed to finish their job. Thousands of soldiers and civilians have been killed and it has cost the UK over £3.5 billion. Britain must never again support an illegal military intervention. But by invading Iraq the Government has imposed on us a moral obligation to work towards a stable, secure and free Iraq. We welcome the recent elections. We will seek to strengthen and enlarge Iraqi security forces so that they can assume greater responsibility, include Sunni leaders in the political process, and ensure adequate provision of food, water, sanitation and health care for all the Iraqi people. We will support the transition to a fully democratic and legitimate government, aiming to withdraw British troops by the expiry of the UN mandate at the end of the year; the open-ended presence of coalition forces is destabilising and fuels the insurgency.  BUILD SECURITY AT HOME AND ABROAD. The best way to achieve security and to tackle the threat from terrorism is through international action. Britain must work through the United Nations, as a committed member of the EU, and with the US to promote international law, democracy and respect for human rights. We will work to reform the UN and the EU to make them more responsive to international challenges.  EUROPE  MAKE EUROPE MORE EFFECTIVE AND DEMOCRATIC. Membership of the EU has been hugely important for British jobs, environmental protection, equality rights, and Britain’s place in the world. But with enlargement to twenty-five member states, the EU needs reform to become more efficient and more accountable. The new constitution helps to achieve this by improving EU coherence, strengthening the powers of the elected European Parliament compared to the Council of Ministers, allowing proper oversight of the unelected Commission, and enhancing the role of national parliaments. It also more clearly defines and limits the powers of the EU, reflecting diversity and preventing over-centralisation. We are therefore clear in our support for the constitution, which we believe is in Britain’s interest – but ratification must be subject to a referendum of the British people.  “The other parties like to posture. We think it’s time for common sense. In the modern world, Britain is more prosperous and secure in Europe. But we need to make Europe work more effectively – through more democracy, more openness, less waste, and less bureaucracy. That’s our Liberal Democrat vision for a strong Britain in a strong Europe, a powerful voice in the world.”  SAJJAD KARIM AND FIONA HALL  LIBERAL DEMOCRAT MEMBERS OF THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT  DEFENCE  OUR TROOPS PROTECT THE NATION – WE MUST PROTECT THEM. Britain’s armed forces protect the country and are a force for good in the world. But with increasing overseas commitments, they are overstretched. The Government should not be cutting the size of the armed forces while at the same time asking them to take on ever more difficult tasks. New equipment continues to arrive late and over-budget, so we will make military procurement more open and competitive. By switching funding from unnecessary programmes, for example by cutting the third tranche of the Eurofighter programme, we will be able to invest more in protecting the welfare of the armed forces, ensuring that they are well-trained and well-equipped. We will seek new ways of sharing the military burden, by working with allies through NATO and the EU. Liberal Democrats will be realistic about what Britain can, and should, take on, and British forces must always be able to deal with emergencies at home, such as terrorism or natural disasters.  WORK FOR THE ELIMINATION OF NUCLEAR WEAPONS AND TACKLE THE ARMS TRADE. We will press for a new round of multilateral arms reduction talks, retaining the UK’s current minimum nuclear deterrent for the foreseeable future, until sufficient progress has been made towards the global elimination of such weapons. Arms sales contribute to conflict, so we will establish a cross-party Parliamentary Arms Export Committee to monitor arms exports and scrutinise individual licence applications. We will require arms brokers to register under a code of conduct and revoke the licences of those who break the code. We will support the establishment of an International Arms Trade Treaty.    INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT   Liberal Democrat international development policy is built on two foundations. First, we believe that this country has the wealth to help those much poorer than ourselves, and should do so. Second, we believe that we all benefit from achievement of sustainable development in the poorest countries in the world.  This country has never lived up to the promise it made long ago to devote 0.7 per cent of its annual income to aid; it is time that it did. The response of the British people to the Asian tsunami disaster was extraordinarily generous – but every day millions of families around the world are caught up in similar tragedies of famine, drought, war and terrible poverty. So it is time Britain lived up to its promises, to build the sustainable development to end such poverty once and for all.  But it is not just about aid. For example, opening European markets to the products of the poorest countries helps their economies and lifts them out of poverty. Stopping subsidised European food being dumped helps their farmers prosper and grow more. Neither policy would cost a penny.  We need to reform international institutions to make them more responsive to developing country needs; make aid more productive; make trade fairer; and take action to promote good governance, the rule of law and human rights.  The people of this country have an outstanding record of helping those in need around the world. It is time for our government to match their commitment.  TOM BRAKE  LIBERAL DEMOCRAT SHADOW SECRETARY OF STATE FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT  MEET BRITAIN’S PROMISE ON AID. Liberal Democrats are committed to realising a world free from poverty. In order to achieve the UN Millennium Development Goals by 2015 (which include tackling extreme poverty and hunger, providing universal primary education, and combating HIV/AIDS) the UK needs to provide more effective international assistance. Liberal Democrats will increase British aid spending from 0.35 per cent of Gross National Income today to at least 0.5 per cent by 2007/08, and set out detailed plans for it to reach 0.7 per cent by 2011 at the latest.  FAIR AND SUSTAINABLE TRADE AND INVESTMENT. Working through the EU and the World Trade Organisation, we will seek to remove the subsidies and tariff barriers that prevent the poorest countries in the world selling their goods on fair terms. We will work to end the dumping of subsidised agricultural exports by developed economies which is wrecking farming in Africa and other parts of the world. We will work to make sure that agreements to liberalise new sectors proceed on a genuinely voluntary basis, without undue pressure on developing countries. We will require companies benefiting from open markets to behave responsibly, and we will promote a new international agreement to encourage investment, particularly in the poorest countries.  Green Action:  PROMOTE ENVIRONMENTALLY SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT. We will make sure that development assistance, whether delivered from the UK, EU, or multilateral institutions, not only meets the needs of the poor, but does so in ways that contribute to environmental sustainability. This means, in particular, targeting aid on renewable energy, clean water and sustainable agriculture, and increasing market access for green products from the developing world. We will devote resources to protecting biodiversity in developing countries, where many species of rare plants and wildlife are seriously endangered.  TAKE EFFECTIVE ACTION TO PROTECT THE GLOBAL ENVIRONMENT. We will work through the EU to promote effective and enforceable international agreements to protect the global environment, such as the Cartagena Protocol (on GM products). We will support international agreements and activities designed to stop international environmental crime, such as illegal logging or illegal trade in endangered wildlife, and improve customs training to tackle these illegal activities more effectively. We will argue for reforms of the World Trade Organisation, World Bank and International Monetary Fund to make sure that trade and development policies support rather than hinder environmental sustainability.  PUT BRITAIN AT THE FOREFRONT OF CLIMATE CHANGE NEGOTIATIONS. Catastrophic climate change is the major environmental threat to the planet. Urgent action is needed. Liberal Democrat plans will make sure that Britain achieves its targets from the Kyoto Protocol (the international agreement on the pollution that causes climate change) well before the deadline. Britain and the EU must take the lead on negotiations for the next set of targets for greenhouse gas emissions. It is vital that we include the US and Australia but we also need to work with developing countries. Our long-term goal is ‘contraction and convergence’ – which means agreeing for every country a sustainable population-related allowance for emissions.  A FAIRER DEAL FOR RURAL COMMUNITIES  Successive governments – it didn’t just start with Labour – have failed rural Britain.  Until about a decade ago the majority of rural communities were traditionally Conservative, but under Conservative governments thousands of rural schools, post offices, police stations and other rural services and facilities were closed or withdrawn. Much council housing was sold off and local working families found themselves unable to find an affordable home in many communities.  The Conservatives’ mishandling of the BSE crisis has cost the country dearly. The Conservatives also saw UK fishermen as expendable when negotiating entry to the Common Fisheries Policy, which left both fish stocks and fishermen hopelessly under-protected.  But under Labour things have gone from bad to worse. Record numbers of farmers have left farming altogether. Labour has failed to stem the continuing decline in local services and the lack of affordable accommodation. The unfair funding systems introduced by the Conservatives, which penalise health, education and police in rural areas, have worsened under Labour.  I and my family come from a background of farming and fishing in my constituency. But I do not believe that you need to have been born and brought up in a rural way of life to recognise that the Conservatives represent a countryside for the privileged few, whilst Labour are completely out of touch with rural needs and way of life. It is no coincidence that Liberal Democrat MPs represent many of the most rural constituencies in the country.  I came into parliament to champion the people who live in the kind of rural communities I grew up in and now represent. Our manifesto offers a fair deal – at last – for Britain's rural communities.  ANDREW GEORGE  LIBERAL DEMOCRAT SHADOW SECRETARY OF STATE FOR RURAL AFFAIRS AND FOOD    RURAL AFFAIRS  FAIR PRICES FOR FOOD. Of every pound consumers spend on food in supermarkets just eight pence goes to the farmer. Liberal Democrats will introduce a legal duty to trade fairly, supported by a Food Trade Inspector within the Office of Fair Trading. This will protect farmers and consumers from unfair practices by supermarkets and processing companies.  SPEED UP REFORM OF THE COMMON AGRICULTURAL POLICY. The CAP fails to protect the interests of rural communities, family farms and the environment. We will press within the EU to speed up reform so that the public funding available is used to provide public benefits. These should include improved access and environmental protection, support for traditional farming and organic systems and new opportunities for agricultural products and local markets. We will use the UK’s CAP flexibility to support family farms and aid new entrants more effectively.  SAVE THE UK’S FISH AND MARINE ENVIRONMENT. We will seek early further reform of the Common Fisheries Policy to give local fishermen and other stakeholders a real say in the management of their own regional waters. We will introduce a Marine Act to create a marine planning system to resolve problems of conflicting uses of the sea and sea bed. This would establish conservation zones for highly sensitive areas and strengthen protection of commercial fish stocks, dolphins, porpoises and other endangered marine wildlife.  IMPROVE ANIMAL WELFARE. Liberal Democrats will establish an Animal Protection Commission, bringing all animal welfare matters under the responsibility of a dedicated, expert body, with the duty to make sure that animal protection laws are properly enforced and kept up to date. We will introduce a new Animal Welfare Act to guarantee high standards of animal welfare across the board for farm livestock, working animals and domestic pets, and will close the loophole in existing legislation which allows people who have been banned from keeping animals still to own them if someone else has ‘custody’.  Green Action:  NO COMMERCIAL GM CROPS UNLESS WE KNOW THEY’RE SAFE FOR THE ENVIRONMENT. We support the right of communities to create GM-free zones. We will insist on rigorous schemes of labelling and traceability in food to guarantee consumer choice. At the same time we will introduce measures to promote organic farming.  “I am passionate about the beauty of our landscape, and the communities who live within it. The policies throughout this manifesto are about protecting the environment and re-invigorating local services, proving to me that the Liberal Democrats are the only party that genuinely shares my concern – the real party of the countryside.”  KATE PARMINTER  FORMER CHIEF EXECUTIVE OF THE CAMPAIGN FOR THE PROTECTION OF RURAL ENGLAND  GETTING BRITAIN MOVING  Good transport in all forms is vital to a successful economy – yet governments, both Tory and Labour, have failed to deliver it. The Tories created the mess the country’s in, particularly with their privatisation of the railways. Labour promised to get Britain moving again, but have only made things worse. Promises to cut traffic have failed to materialise, and fewer trains arrive on time.  Like me, the British people know that things can’t go on like this. We need a government that will take these problems seriously. One which accepts both that transport needs to work and that it must live within its environmental means. Any strategy which does not recognise these self-evident truths is doomed to failure.  I live in one of the most rural constituencies in the country. Here the car is a necessity, not a luxury. But when I am in Westminster, public transport is a much more convenient way of getting about. It is blindingly obvious that the same solutions don’t apply in both areas.  So we need to be more creative. Our ideas for transport are all about responding to differing local needs, and helping people do the right things for the environment, rather than just taxing everyone more. We need to provide better public transport alternatives wherever possible, and we need a charging regime for car use – not ownership – which reflects both congestion and need.  Small local changes can make a big difference. Liberal Democrats are campaigning up and down the country to re-open railway stations and lines. Making stations safer won’t cost much, but it will mean that people feel more secure and will be more likely to travel by rail.   I can’t guarantee that every train will always run on time – but I can guarantee that a Liberal Democrat government will work to get Britain moving again.  JOHN THURSO  LIBERAL DEMOCRAT SECRETARY OF STATE FOR TRANSPORT   Transport  MAKE THE RAILWAYS WORK AGAIN. Conservative privatisation left the railways in a mess, but Labour hasn’t solved the problems. Whilst delays have doubled, bureaucracy has increased fivefold, while services are being cut. Liberal Democrats will streamline the system, with fewer, larger franchises, given longer contracts in return for more investment and better services. We will use savings from the roads budget to prioritise safety at stations, and to restore the key rail upgrades postponed or cancelled under Labour.  REWARD OWNERS OF LESS POLLUTING CARS WITH LOWER TAXES. For many people, particularly in rural areas, cars are a necessity and cannot be replaced by public transport. But they can be far less damaging to the environment when they use less fuel or alternative fuels. We will start by reforming the Vehicle Excise Duty system (‘road tax’) to cut tax altogether on cars that pollute least, funded by increasing it on those that pollute more. Congestion charging in London (first proposed by the Liberal Democrats) has cut pollution, cut traffic jams and paid for new investment in buses. We will encourage more cities and towns where traffic congestion is a problem to extend congestion charging, linked to up-front investment in better public transport to give millions real alternatives to the car and to reduce the need to drive. In the longer term, as technology allows, we will scrap petrol duties and VED altogether, replacing the revenue with a national road user charging system based on location, congestion and pollution (including the level of pollution of the particular vehicle). As a result, pollution and congestion will be better targeted, with no need for the present system of heavy taxes on every journey.  FREE OFF-PEAK LOCAL BUS TRAVEL FOR ALL PENSIONERS AND DISABLED PEOPLE. Liberal Democrats were the first to make the case for giving all pensioners and disabled people free off-peak local bus travel, and have already done so in Scotland and Wales. We will implement this policy, and we will in addition provide all pensioners, disabled people, families and young people with their rail discount cards free.  CUT LORRY TRAFFIC, REDUCE POLLUTION, AND MAKE TOWNS AND VILLAGES SAFER. In office, Labour has now increased road building, while the Conservatives’ plans would concrete over an area half the size of London with new roads. Both their approaches mean more traffic and pollution, not less. We will not proceed with major new road-building schemes unless the benefits are clear, including environmental and safety factors and a full assessment of alternative public transport schemes. Resources switched from the roads programme will be used to increase investment in public transport, and we will promote safer cycle and pedestrian routes throughout towns and cities. In addition, we will encourage the development of freight interchanges to facilitate growth in rail freight, and we will develop a shipping, ports and waterways strategy.  REFORM AVIATION TAXES. To encourage more fuel-efficient aircraft and discourage half-empty planes we will press for international agreement on extending emissions trading to aviation, while at the same time implementing per-aircraft rather than per-passenger charges. We will oppose the construction of international airports on new sites, and also the expansion of airports in the South East. We will end the regulation on busy national airports which results in retail rents subsidising landing charges and encouraging congestion and pollution. We will protect essential ‘lifeline’ routes to remote UK communities.  GREEN ACTION:  GREEN TRANSPORT POLICIES. All our transport policies are designed to encourage more environmental transport options, including cutting the cost of using more environmentally friendly vehicles, boosting public transport, discouraging heavily polluting vehicles and reforming aviation policies to cut emissions.  “Like everyone else who drives a car, takes a train or uses the tube – as I do twice a day – I suffer week-in week-out the mess Conservative and Labour governments have made of public transport in this country. More and more traffic congestion destroys quality of life and wrecks the environment, whilst train services are ever more crowded and unreliable. Simply put, Liberal Democrats will help people get from A to B safely without undue delay, and without wrecking the environment.”  LYNNE FEATHERSTONE  CHAIR OF THE GREATER LONDON ASSEMBLY TRANSPORT COMMITTEE  STOP THE ABUSE OF POWER  Every time you open a newspaper or see the news, the government seems to be taking more power for itself, and in particular for the Prime Minister.  It started with Mrs. Thatcher. It has got worse since Tony Blair became Prime Minister. His Policy Unit at No. 10 Downing Street tells ministers what to do. His Cabinet no longer makes the key decisions; he does. The House of Commons is no longer supreme; it is treated as a rubber-stamp, rather than as the people’s representatives to whom government is accountable.  Local councils are controlled by centrally imposed rules and regulations, or by-passed by government-appointed boards and quangos. I remember the remarkable record of great towns and counties in the past, and the pride local people felt in them. Why does the government so undermine them?  Professional men and women, like doctors, teachers and nurses are constantly told by the government exactly what they should do. The blizzard of orders and directives is relentless. Today we have the nanny state with a vengeance.  Yet the Government does not have a popular majority for what it is doing. Even in 2001, the last election, only four out of ten voters supported it. If Britain had a fair voting system, Labour would never have had its current huge majority of parliamentary seats.  I have served in parliament for thirty years, nearly twenty in the Commons and ten in the Lords. I have never felt so worried about the safety of British democracy. It is being eroded bit by bit. Only the opposition parties in the House of Lords, and some independent cross-benchers, saved the country from a regime of detention without trial, determined not by judges but by ministers. Up to now, that kind of behaviour only happened in tyrannies like Pinochet’s Chile, or Verwoerd’s South Africa.  The arrogant abuse of power must be stopped, by restoring cabinet government, protecting the independence of civil servants, giving greater power to local government, and ensuring that parliament has the time to do its crucial job of holding the executive to account.  Liberties, once lost, are rarely restored. The freedom of the individual lies at the heart of liberal democracy, and we Liberal Democrats are determined to defend it.  SHIRLEY WILLIAMS  FORMER LIBERAL DEMOCRAT LEADER IN THE HOUSE OF LORDS   Better Government  CURB THE POWER OF THE PRIME MINISTER. In recent decades Prime Ministers have exercised a growing domination over the political system, insufficiently accountable to Parliament or the people. We will curb this excessive concentration of power. We will cut back the powers of patronage, in particular through our plans for a predominantly elected second chamber. We will make the Royal Prerogative powers which the Prime Minister exercises – such as decisions over war and peace – subject to parliamentary accountability, including bringing in a War Powers Act to require parliament’s authority before a government takes Britain to war. A Civil Service Act will introduce a barrier to politicisation of the civil service. We will also strengthen the powers of parliament to scrutinise the actions of the government, enhancing the Select Committee system.  CUT BACK CENTRAL GOVERNMENT. We will cut the excessive number of government departments and reduce the number of government ministers by over a third. We will also move government bureaucracy out of London, saving money on office rents and spreading wealth and jobs more equally through the UK. The savings will be ploughed back into better public services.  MORE POWER FOR LOCAL COMMUNITIES. Our priority is to make local services, like health and education, work better for people. That means that local communities need to have more influence and say over the major issues affecting them. So we will strengthen local democracy, taking power down from Whitehall and reducing central interference and the burden of inspection. The powers of many unelected regional and national quangos and administrators will be given to local cities and counties, including returning to County Councils their strategic planning role. The healthcare planning role of Primary Care Trusts will be given to elected local social services authorities. We will streamline remaining regional functions into a single agency, increasing accountability to the local community through an executive comprising councillors elected from the cities and counties, rather than appointed by the Secretary of State. Underpinning these reforms will be a new system for dividing up government funding fairly within the UK, so that the system is fair for the nations and regions according to their real needs.  A MORE DEMOCRATIC BRITAIN. Liberal Democrats will improve and strengthen the UK’s democratic systems. Liberal Democrats in government in Scotland are already bringing in the single transferable vote (STV) system for local elections, so that local councillors will genuinely represent their community. We will extend this fair voting system to all local elections in Britain, and to the House of Commons, Scottish Parliament and National Assembly for Wales. At the age people can marry, leave school and start work, they will have the right to vote. We will review the European electoral system so people can choose their MEPs personally, rather than just vote by party list as at present. Reform of the House of Lords has been botched by Labour, leaving it unelected and even more in the patronage of the Prime Minister. We will replace it with a predominantly elected second chamber.  BETTER GOVERNMENT IN THE NATIONS OF THE UK. Liberal Democrats have led the way in arguing for devolution to Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. We believe that people in those parts of the UK, rather than the government in London, should take the decisions on issues that affect them directly. We will therefore strengthen the powers of the Northern Ireland Assembly and extend primary legislative powers to the National Assembly for Wales. In consultation with the Scottish Parliament, we will consider how to extend its role.  MAKE THE BBC MORE INDEPENDENT FROM GOVERNMENT. The BBC has, over the last eighty years, made a major contribution to Britain’s democracy, culture and standing in the world. The Liberal Democrats will make sure it remains the world’s leading public service broadcaster – strong, independent, and securely funded. But the regulation of the BBC has been insufficiently independent of its own management, and of the government. Labour’s proposals fail to address this. Liberal Democrats will scrap the current government-appointed Board of Governors, and introduce a new, independent external regulator appointed by parliament, to make sure that all public service broadcasters live up to their obligations to the public.  GREEN ACTION:  MAKE GOVERNMENT TAKE THE ENVIRONMENT SERIOUSLY. It is vital that government and business are made to take their environmental obligations seriously. We will strengthen reporting obligations for government and business as part of an Environmental Responsibility Act, holding government as well as business to account. We will use the purchasing power of government to boost the market for green products and services. We will unite those areas of government with the biggest impact on the environment in a single Environment, Transport and Energy department.  “Since being elected to parliament I have been appalled by how unrepresentative it is and how easily it has been manipulated by the Government, culminating in Blair taking Britain to war on a false premise. That’s why Liberal Democrats will curb the power of the Prime Minister. And we’ll introduce a fair voting system, so that parliament better represents the views of Britain and better reflects its diversity - with more women and a greater proportion of ethnic minority MPs.”  SANDRA GIDLEY  LIBERAL DEMOCRAT SPOKESPERSON FOR WOMEN  THE LIBERAL DEMOCRAT PLEDGE FOR GREEN ACTION  Catastrophic climate change is the greatest man-made threat to the planet, leading to fertile plains turning to desert, extreme weather conditions, rising sea levels, the spread of diseases and water shortages. These are not distant threats – in particular, the UK is likely to become much more vulnerable to flooding and tropical diseases such as malaria. Yet governments here and abroad have lamentably failed to rise to the challenge.  Conservative and Labour politicians have preferred short-term popularity to taking the tough decisions for the long term. This year, the Labour Government actually decided to raise the UK ceiling for emissions of the greenhouse gases that are causing climate change, and the environment does not even feature on Labour’s ‘pledge card’. Sometimes it feels like the Prime Minister is just too close to George Bush.  I stood for Parliament after years as an environmental campaigner, because I realised that it was only possible to change what the government does by changing the politicians. Otherwise ministers would go on saying they cared, but doing nothing. The Liberal Democrats can be trusted to make that change – that’s why I joined them.  My daughter is now five years old. I want her future to be bright – not destroyed before it really starts because the present generation has failed to take action. It is time the government helped people to make the changes needed – changes that can cut energy and other bills as well as protect the world’s future. It is time for a government that takes the environment seriously – before it is too late.  That’s why the environment features on every page of this manifesto – a strong green thread running through everything we do and promise.  NORMAN BAKER  LIBERAL DEMOCRAT SHADOW SECRETARY OF STATE FOR THE ENVIRONMENT  Concern for the environment has always been a core Liberal Democrat value. Our policies are focused on three main areas:  - TACKLE CLIMATE CHANGE. Catastrophic climate change is the major environmental threat to the planet. Urgent action is needed. Liberal Democrat plans will make sure that Britain achieves its targets from the Kyoto Protocol (the international agreement on the pollution that causes climate change) well before the deadline. Britain and the EU must take the lead on negotiations for the next set of targets for greenhouse gas emissions. It is vital that we include the US and Australia but we also need to work with developing countries. Our long-term goal is ‘contraction and convergence’ – which means agreeing for every country a sustainable population-related allowance for emissions.  - CLEANER TRANSPORT AND ENVIRONMENT. Pollution and congestion have a major impact on people’s health and quality of life, as well as on climate change. Many of the solutions to these problems involve transport and this document includes plans to promote public transport, especially the railways. However, pollution can also be cut by reducing domestic waste and promoting recycling. Pioneering Liberal Democrat controlled local authorities are leading the way in cutting unnecessary waste and we will expand these practices nationally.  - CLEANER POWER. Energy use is the main source of greenhouse gas emissions and hazardous waste. We will introduce measures to reduce energy use overall — for example through better home insulation which will also tackle the ‘fuel poverty’ faced in particular by pensioners. We will make sure that at least 20 per cent of the UK’s electricity derives from a range of renewable sources by the year 2020. Finally, given their long-term problems of cost, pollution and safety, we will not replace existing nuclear power stations as they reach the end of their safe and economic operating lives. We will use renewables and save energy instead.  “I joined the Liberal Party twenty-five years ago because they were fighting a local Tory plan to create towering rubbish dumps close to people’s homes – action speaks louder than words. Now the world faces catastrophic climate change, our commitment to the environment has never mattered more.”  SUE DOUGHTY  LIBERAL DEMOCRAT SHADOW MINISTERIAL SPOKESPERSON, DEFRA (ENVIRONMENT)  10 GOOD REASONS TO  VOTE LIBERAL DEMOCRAT  WE OPPOSE: Putting targets first  WE PROPOSE: Putting patients first  WE OPPOSE: Tuition fees & Top-up fees  WE PROPOSE: Scrapping student fees  WE OPPOSE: Compulsory I.D. Cards  WE PROPOSE: Spending the money on 10,000 more police  WE OPPOSE: Selling your home to pay for care  WE PROPOSE: Free personal care for the elderly  WE OPPOSE: Ignoring climate change  WE PROPOSE: Cleaner transport & cleaner energy  WE OPPOSE: £1.5 billion on the child trust fund  WE PROPOSE: £1.5 billion towards reducing class sizes  WE OPPOSE: Means-testing pensioners  WE PROPOSE: £100 extra per month starting with the over 75s  WE OPPOSE: Hidden tax increases  WE PROPOSE: Only one tax increase – on income above £100,000 per year  WE OPPOSE: Unfair Council Tax  WE PROPOSE: Local Income Tax, saving typical households £450 per year  WE OPPOSE: Bush & Blair On Iraq  WE PROPOSE: Never again
Manifesto 2015
Introduction by Nick Clegg Britain in 2020: The Liberal Democrat vision     Responsible Finances:      Balancing the budget in a fair way     Prosperity for all:      Building a sustainable economy          Real help for family finances:      Tax, pensions and consumer rights     An Opportunity Society:      World class education for all     Building a healthier society:      Protecting the NHS and improving health     Better places to live:      Communities farming and the natural environm Green Britain Guarantee:  Five green laws     Affordable homes for all:      Meeting our housing needs          Freedom and opportunity:      Equal rights for all          Secure communities:      Policing, justice and the border force       Power to the people:      Devolution democracy and citizenship       Britain in the World: Global action for       security and prosperity
Introduction
Dear friend, When Liberal Democrats launched our 2010 General Election manifesto, few people expected that many of the policies it contained would be implemented by the next Government. But that’s what happened: three quarters of those policies formed the backbone of the Coalition’s programme. Front-page commitments like raising the Income Tax threshold  and investing in the poorest schoolchildren through the Pupil Premium became flagship Coalition policies. With Liberal Democrats in Government to deliver them, those policies have started the work of building a stronger economy and a fairer society, with opportunity spread across the whole United Kingdom. Despite tough economic circumstances, those policies are making a  difference to people’s lives and helping make Britain a freer, greener, more liberal country. But our mission has only just begun. You can’t build a stronger economy and a fairer society, and spread opportunity to every citizen, in five years. For the first time, this is a Liberal Democrat manifesto that builds on a record of policies delivered in national government. We can say we will finish the job of balancing the books, but do so fairly, because we have started that job in this Parliament. We can say we will cut taxes for working people by raising the tax-free allowance to £12,500 because we have raised the tax-free allowance every year since 2010. We can say we will protect funding for education from nursery to 19 because we have protected schools funding and invested in early years education in Government. We can say we will increase health funding and invest in mental health because we have protected the NHS budget in Government and introduced the first ever waiting-time standards for mental health. And we can say we will protect our environment because we have almost trebled the amount of electricity from renewable energy in this Parliament. In our fast-changing world, the fundamental question political parties face is: do we want to continue to be an open society, confident and optimistic about our place in the world, or do we want to become a closed one, increasingly insular and backward-looking? For Liberal Democrats there is only ever one answer: we want an optimistic, open-hearted and outward-looking United Kingdom. In Government for the next five years, Liberal Democrats will continue to build a stronger economy and a fairer society with opportunity for everyone. This manifesto sets out how. Yours, Nick Clegg
Britain in 2020: the Liberal Democrat vision
This manifesto is a five year plan to build a fair, free and open society in our United Kingdom.
Follow this plan and by 2020, our economy will be strong, sustainable and fair,
our public finances will be healthy again
and there will be jobs that last in every part of the country.
Follow this plan and there will be opportunity for everyone to get on and live the life they want –at work, at home, online and in our communities.
We have to finish the job of sorting out the UK’s public finances //–
but we must do it fairly, making sure the wealthiest pay their fair share.
Only the Liberal Democrat plan will keep the UK on track, balancing the books in 2017/18
so we can get back to investing in the public services
and infrastructure that help make our country strong.
In 2020, debt will be falling as a share of our economy for the fourth year in a row, steadily rebuilding our national resilience against future economic shocks.
Our economy will be thriving, delivering balanced growth with jobs that last in every nation and region.
Government will take a long-term approach to supporting business and industry, helping supply credit, skilled workers and infrastructure.
Over a third of UK electricity will come from renewables,
not least from Scottish generators,
and we will be leading the world in the technologies of the future, from electric cars to tidal power.
Britain will be the place to be if you want to thrive in advanced manufacturing, science, creative,  digital
and green industries,
and our country will be open to ambitious entrepreneurs and thinkers from overseas.
We will finally be building enough homes, every year, to meet our needs.
By 2020, our plan will bring together a lifetime of opportunities for every generation, enhancing the quality of all our lives.
Mothers and fathers will be able to share the joys and struggles of early parenthood with extended Shared Parental Leave.
Free, high-quality childcare will be available the moment parental leave is over.
Education will prosper under the Liberal Democrats.
Young people will leave school and college confident about their future:
we will have doubled the number of businesses hiring apprentices.
Society will be more equal.
A million more women will be enabled to work,
with fairer rules to help everyone juggle family life, caring responsibilities and the world of work.
Carers will be treated with respect and given more help, including a bonus of £250 to spend however they choose.
The tax system will be fairer:
people will not pay Income Tax on the first £12,500 they earn,
but strict rules will be in place to make sure the richest pay their fair share and corporations cannot dodge their tax responsibilities.
Targeted green taxes will discourage pollution and reward sustainability.
There will be more jobs in our economy, with steadily higher wages and better employment rights.
With Universal Credit and reforms to disability benefits, it will always pay to work,
and everyone who needs a helping hand will get one.
As you work, and as you save, you will feel confident about life after retirement, too.
Millions more will have a workplace pension.
Our ‘triple lock’ will protect the State Pension,
our new single tier pension will mean your savings are your own to keep.
Our NHS will have the money it needs,
and the Scottish Parliament will have the resources to make sure mental health will have equal status with physical health.
Those facing anxiety and depression will be seen swiftly,
people struggling not to harm themselves will find emergency help at A&E
and teenagers suffering from eating disorders will get the help they need close to home.
Five green laws will be on the statute books, protecting nature and wildlife in Britain
and across the world,
cleaning up our air
and helping fight climate change.
People will be more free.
A second Freedoms Act will have embedded citizens’ rights to freedom of speech and protest.
The Human Rights Act will remain, with children’s rights protected in law too.
The culture of everyday sexism will be declining, with young people taught in school about respect in relationships and sexual consent.
Online, people will no longer be worried that the government is monitoring their every keystroke:
a Digital Bill of Rights will have enshrined enduring principles of privacy and helped keep the internet open.
Our politics will be open, and fairer too.
2020 will be the first General Election in which 16 year olds can vote
– the first generation to cast their first ballot in a fair STV voting system
and the first generation to vote for the House of Lords.
But every 16 year old will know it’s not just UK elections that matter:
Scotland will have home rule powers as proposed by the cross-party Smith Commission,
and comprehensive devolution to Wales and Northern Ireland will be completed too,
keeping the course to a federal UK.
In 2020 Britain will be a force for good in the world, leading global action against climate change,
tax avoidance and international crime,
working to prevent conflict
and offer humanitarian aid,
and promoting trade, development and prosperity.
We will still be meeting our commitments to spend 0.7% of our national income helping the world’s poorest people.
And we will be standing tall in our own neighbourhood, a leader in the European Union again.
We will have secured real reform of the EU to deliver more jobs, more growth, and more security.
Our borders will be secure and our immigration system fair.
We will be working across borders to tackle crime and keep Britain safe.
Our Liberal Democrat plan will build a stronger economy and a fairer society, in a truly United Kingdom.
Our plan will deliver opportunity for everyone.
Responsible finances Balancing the budget in a  fair way
A responsible approach to tackling the deficit and our country’s debts is essential because it underpins everything else we want to achieve.
In the last five years, we have worked hard to bring balance back to Britain’s public finances.
The deficit is now half what it was when we took office in 2010.
Nevertheless, there is still work to be done.
Only Liberal Democrats will complete the job on time
in a way that is fair,
enables sustainable growth
and protects public services.
Responsible finances underpin every good government.
High debt and deficits are a risk to economic stability and it is simply not right to borrow too much money and expect our children to pay it back.
Debt interest payments last year were £46 billion: more than we spent on schools.
A responsible approach to tackling the deficit and our country’s debts is essential because it underpins everything else we want to achieve.
In the last five years, we have worked hard to bring balance back to Britain’s public finances.
The deficit is now half what it was when we took office in 2010.
Nevertheless, there is still work to be done.
Only Liberal Democrats will complete the job on time
in a way that is fair,
enables sustainable growth
and protects public services.
1.1 Balancing the budget
We will complete the job of balancing the budget – on time, in full, and fairly.
The Liberal Democrat objective is to eradicate the structural current budget deficit by 2017/18 and have debt falling as a percentage of national income, so it is back to sustainable levels by the middle of the next decade.
In 2010, Liberal Democrats insisted the coalition adopt a fairer approach to dealing with the deficit, using both spending cuts and tax rises, than the Conservatives had planned.
This mixed approach was much more in line with proposals set out in the Liberal Democrat manifesto.
The Conservatives now want to scrap this approach entirely and use only spending cuts to finish the job.
We reject this proposal, which would do significant damage to Britain’s public services
and require punitive cuts to benefits on which some of the most vulnerable people depend.
We are determined to stick with the approach we set out in 2010 – a fair way of restoring the nation’s finances.
So as we finish the job of balancing the books,
we will use taxes on the wealthiest,
on banks and big business
and on polluters,
and we will bear down on tax avoidance, to limit the impact of deficit reduction on public services.
We do not think low and middle income earners should bear the burden of tax rises:
our plans do not require any increase in the headline rates of Income Tax, National Insurance, VAT or Corporation Tax.
In fact, our plans enable us to continue to cut taxes for people on low and middle incomes by raising the tax-free Personal Allowance.
Having a balanced approach on tax and spending enables us to:
Protect the least well off in society and users of public services from the impact of measures taken to tackle the deficit.
Invest, over the Parliament, extra money for the NHS, essential to protect our health service.
Extend the current UK budget protection for education to include early years and 16-19 provision.
This will result in a stable funding platform for the Scottish Parliament to invest in children and young people.
Limit reductions in departmental spending to less than half the rate agreed for 2015/16.
Limit welfare reductions so we do not destroy the essential safety net that protects us all in times of crisis.
Continue to spend 0.7% of Gross National Income on international development aid, helping the poorest in the world.
We will carry out a full Spending Review after the General Election.
Building on the successes of this Parliament, we will focus on delivering efficiency,
funding proven spend-to-save initiatives
and investing in technology to get public services and frontline staff online.
The aim of everything that government does will be to help people improve their quality of life and wellbeing, especially the most vulnerable and least well off.
1.2 Looking to the future
Once we have balanced the books, we will ensure that overall public spending grows again in line with the economy.
This will ensure we can improve key public services
and enable public sector workers to receive fair and affordable increases in their pay.
We understand that public services depend upon high-quality and dedicated staff.
We will follow two new fiscal rules.
Our first fiscal rule is that, from 2017/18, debt must fall as a proportion of our national income every year – except during a recession – so it reaches sustainable levels around the middle of the next decade.
Our second fiscal rule is that over the economic cycle we will balance the overall budget, no longer borrowing to pay for everyday expenditure.
We will make one significant exception to enable us to invest in the things that will help our economy grow.
Provided the debt rule is met, the government will be able to borrow for capital spending that enhances economic growth or financial stability, enabling us to increase this productive investment.
In our Spending Review we will set out long-term plans for capital expenditure,
and ensure that investment in infrastructure, including in housing and energy efficiency,
continues to rise both in absolute terms and as a share of the economy.
Our plan to finish the job and balance the books
Aim to balance the structural current budget by 2017/18.
Set a course to reduce debt as a share of national income.
Make deficit reduction fair by ensuring the richest pay their fair share
and corporations cannot avoid their tax responsibilities.
Set new fiscal rules to balance the budget while allowing borrowing for productive investment.
Increase public spending again in line with the economy once the budget is balanced.
Prosperity  for all Building a sustainable economy
Britain needs a strong economy not just to help fund public services but because growth and enterprise create jobs and opportunities for all.
Liberal Democrats want an economy that is strong, green, open and fair.
As Britain recovers, we must make sure we don’t return to growth based on personal debt and speculation, but build prosperity and wellbeing that last, for everyone.
Britain needs a strong economy not just to help fund public services but because growth and enterprise create jobs and opportunities for all.
Liberal Democrats want an economy that is strong, green, open and fair.
As Britain recovers, we must make sure we don’t return to growth based on personal debt and speculation, but build prosperity and wellbeing that last, for everyone.
We will grow a high-skill, low-carbon economy
by supporting education,
training,
infrastructure,
innovation and technology.
With a stable, competitive business environment
and investment in green industries
and infrastructure,
we will ensure growth is embedded in every part of the UK.
We have made a big start in government: reforming the banking system;
creating the world’s first Green Investment Bank;
enabling unprecedented investment in low-carbon energy;
introducing a Regional Growth Fund
and a bold new Industrial Strategy to support growth and high-skilled jobs;
delivering more than two million new apprenticeships;
ensuring transparency of company ownership
and promoting more diversity in business leadership.
Now is the time to push forward and reject any temptation to go back to the old economy.
Whether it’s fighting for proper investment in renewable energy,
or working to build a high-skill, flexible labour market:
Liberal Democrats will ensure Britain doesn’t return to the mistakes of the past.
A Record of Delivery
Billions invested in growing modern British businesses with our Industrial Strategy, Business Bank and Regional Growth Fund
Reformed the banking system to separate retail and investment banking and help rebuild our economy
The world’s first Green Investment Bank and low-carbon energy market, helping almost treble renewable electricity generation
Biggest rail investment since Victorian times, driving record numbers of train journeys
A Promise of More
Double innovation spend in our economy, making the UK a world leader in advanced manufacturing, clean technology and digital industries
Grow a competitive banking sector, support alternative finance providers and improve access to finance for business and consumers
Expand the Green Investment Bank and set a legally binding decarbonisation target to green our electricity
Enable more people to travel with rail upgrades across the country and HS2
2.1 Economic and industrial growth
To deliver a balanced economy with strengths in every part of the UK, Britain needs a highly skilled workforce and flexible business support and finance.
We must continue to invest to grow sectors like advanced manufacturing that can provide high-skilled, sustainable jobs,
open up the supply chain to more small and medium-sized businesses
and support firms bringing activity back to Britain.
We will: Continue to develop our Industrial Strategy, working with sectors which are critical to Britain’s ability to trade internationally – motor vehicles, aerospace, low-carbon energy, chemicals, creative industries, offshore and subsea technology and more.
Develop the skilled workforce needed to support this growth with a major expansion of high-quality and advanced apprenticeships,
offering vocational education on a par with academic qualifications,
backed up with new sector-led National Colleges.
We will develop a national skills strategy for key sectors, including low-carbon technologies, to help match skills and people.
Aim to double innovation and research spending across the economy,
supported by greater public funding on a longer timescale,
more ‘Catapult’ innovation and technology centres
and support for green innovation from the Green Investment Bank.
We will continue to ringfence the science budget and ensure that, by 2020, both capital and revenue spending have increased at least in line with inflation.
Build on the success of the Regional Growth Fund,
which has already created more than 100,000 jobs
and secured £1.8 billion of private investment.
We will continue the Fund throughout the next Parliament.
Devolve more economic decision-making to local areas,
building on the success of City Deals and Growth Deals,
prioritising the transfer of transport, housing and infrastructure funding, skills training and back-to-work support.
Provide further support to medium-sized businesses through a one-stop-shop for accessing government support,
a dedicated unit in HMRC
and the development of management skills.
Aim to stimulate local economies, working with Local Enterprise Partnerships to improve their effectiveness and coordination.
We will:  Use central government public procurement policy as a tool of local growth and community development, for example by purchasing from diverse sources and using local labour, goods and services,
and encourage local government to do the same.
We will: Continue our work to open up public procurement to small and medium-sized companies
and to the voluntary sector.
Develop platforms on which government can provide feedback on its suppliers to help quality providers to grow.
2.2 Banking and financial reform
The financial crisis of 2008 caused real damage to our economy including one of the largest budget deficits in the world and banks unable to support the real economy.
Liberal Democrats have ensured radical reform of the banking industry to make banks safe and no longer requiring a taxpayer safety net.
Building on this progress, we will: Complete implementation of the new rules to separate retail banking from investment banking, working with the financial services industry to promote integrity, accountability and value across the sector.
Expand the British Business Bank to perform a more central role in the economy, tackling the shortage of equity capital for growing firms
and providing long-term capital for medium-sized businesses.
Develop the UK banking sector to promote competition and innovation by: Facilitating new entrants,
including through public procurement policy.
Encouraging the growth of crowdfunding and alternative finance models,
encouraging Local Authorities to use these platforms to improve credit access in their areas.
Promoting a new community banking sector to support small and medium-sized enterprises
and social enterprises.
Taking forward the recently commissioned study by the British Business Bank into the sustainability of Community Development Finance Institutions.
Ensure access to finance for all, tackling discrimination in the provision of financial services and supporting products that increase financial inclusion.
Continue the Banking Levy
and introduce a time-limited supplementary Corporation Tax charge on the banking sector to ensure it continues to make a fair contribution to fiscal consolidation.
2.3 Creating a stable and competitive environment for growth
Britain needs a stable and competitive environment for growth;
this is essential to attract and sustain new businesses and new jobs.
Britain is not just a part of the European economy – we have to compete with the developing economies of Asia and Latin America, which are increasingly powering ahead.
We need to lock in macroeconomic stability, including low inflation, and reduce the risks of a return to the economics of boom and bust.
And we need a tax system that is simple, fair and competitive
– which attracts and retains jobs in our country,
while ensuring business makes a fair contribution.
We will: Continue to support an independent Bank of England, with a mandate to keep inflation low and stable to support sustainable growth.
We will protect the new regulatory framework, which ensures the Bank of England has the necessary tools to help avoid a return to boom and bust.
Continue to reform business tax to ensure it stays competitive, making small and medium-sized enterprises the priority for any business tax cuts.
We will work to adjust the tax system away from subsidy of high leverage debt and tackle the bias against equity investment
Reform and improve the Regulatory Policy Committee to reduce regulatory uncertainty and remove unnecessary business regulation.
We understand that well-designed regulation, focused on outcomes rather than processes, has a vital role in creating markets and driving investment
and will use it, in particular, to promote low-carbon and resource-efficient innovation.
In England we will complete the ongoing review of Business Rates, prioritising reforms that lessen the burden on smaller businesses,
ensure high streets remain competitive
and promote more efficient use of land.
Liberal Democrats remain committed to introducing Land Value Tax (LVT), which would replace Business Rates in the longer term and could enable the reduction or abolition of other taxes.
We will extend the Business Rates review to ensure it considers the implementation of LVT, as well as interim reforms like Site Value Rating that could be completed within five years.
We will charge the Land Registry with completing registration of all substantial land and property holdings in England and Wales by 2020.
2.4 Green jobs and industry
New world markets are developing in low-carbon and resource-efficient technologies.
Britain’s real strengths in sectors like offshore wind power and low-carbon vehicles, and in green finance, make us well placed to compete.
We must make sure green industries can reach their full potential and build on successes in increasing recycling to shift towards a so-called ‘circular economy’ in which we use natural resources efficiently and minimise waste. (See also Section 6.2)
We will: Pass a Zero Carbon Britain Act to set a new legally binding target to bring net greenhouse gas emissions to zero by 2050.
Realise the full potential of the Green Investment Bank by increasing its capitalisation, expanding its remit, allowing it to raise funds independently and enabling it to issue green bonds.
Place the Natural Capital Committee (NCC) on the same statutory footing as the Committee on Climate Change through our Nature Act.
We will task the NCC with identifying the key natural resources being used unsustainably and recommending legally binding targets for reducing their net consumption;
and introduce incentives for businesses to improve resource efficiency.
Help incentivise sustainable behaviour by increasing the proportion of tax revenue accounted for by green taxes.
Grow the market for green products and services with steadily higher green criteria in public procurement policy,
extending procurement requirements more widely through the public sector including to the NHS and Academy schools.
In particular we will deliver ambitious reductions in energy use.
Increase research and development and commercialisation support in four key low-carbon technologies where Britain could lead the world:
tidal power,
carbon capture and storage,
energy storage
and ultra-low emission vehicles.
Ensure UK Trade and Investment and UK Export Finance can prioritise support for key sectors identified in our Industrial Strategy,
including exports of green products and technologies,
and press for higher environmental standards for export credit agencies throughout the OECD.
Encourage the creation of green financial products to bring consumer capital into green industries.
We will improve the way government handles the cross-cutting challenges of delivering green growth and fighting climate change, establishing a senior Cabinet Committee to coordinate action and bringing together officials in inter-departmental units on issues like air quality and resource management.
We will replicate the success of the Office for Budget Responsibility with an Office for Environmental Responsibility scrutinising the government’s efforts to meet its environmental targets.
2.5 Making the connection: transport infrastructure
Liberal Democrats are leading the renewal of Britain’s ageing infrastructure but we still have decades of under-investment to catch up on.
We need better transport infrastructure,
a modern railway system,
and less congestion on our roads.
We have established our second fiscal rule precisely so we can invest in productive infrastructure to help the economy grow.
We will: Set out 10-year rolling capital investment plans.
Develop a comprehensive plan to electrify the overwhelming majority of the UK rail network,
reopen smaller stations,
restore twin-track lines to major routes
and proceed with HS2, as the first stage of a high-speed rail network to Scotland.
Invest in major transport improvements and infrastructure.
We will: Deliver the Transport for the North strategy to promote growth, innovation and prosperity across northern England.
Develop more modern, resilient links to and within the South West peninsula to help develop and diversify the regional economy
Complete East-West rail, connecting up Oxford and Cambridge and catalysing major new housing development.
Ensure London’s transport infrastructure is improved to withstand the pressure of population and economic growth.
Work to encourage further private sector investment in rail freight terminals and rail-connected distribution parks.
We will set a clear objective to shift more freight from road to rail
and change planning law to ensure new developments provide good freight access to retail, manufacturing and warehouse facilities.
Ensure our airport infrastructure meets the needs of a modern and open economy,
without allowing emissions from aviation to undermine our goal of a zero-carbon Britain by 2050.
We will carefully consider the conclusions of the Davies Review into runway capacity and develop a strategic airports policy for the whole of the UK in the light of those recommendations and advice from the Committee on Climate Change.
We remain opposed to any expansion of Heathrow, Stansted or Gatwick and any new airport in the Thames Estuary, because of local issues of air and noise pollution.
We will ensure no net increase in runways across the UK.
Ensure new rail franchises include a stronger focus on customers,
including requirements to integrate more effectively with other modes of transport and a programme of investment in new stations, lines and station facilities.
We will continue the Access for All programme, improving disabled access to public transport.
Modern light rail systems, like Croydon Tramlink and Manchester Metrolink, have brought significant benefits to passengers.
We will encourage Local Authorities to consider trams alongside other options,
and support a new generation of light rail and ultra-light rail schemes in towns and cities where local people want them.
2.6 Low-carbon energy
Our reforms of the electricity market have already created the world’s first low-carbon electricity market
and will stimulate up to 250,000 green jobs across the UK by 2020.
Since 2010, energy demand has fallen by 2.5% a year and renewable electricity generation has almost trebled.
But we need to go further and faster to meet our goal of reducing energy demand by 50% by 2030.
If we do not speed up energy efficiency investment, our buildings will continue to leak energy and waste money and our businesses will fail to compete internationally.
We will ensure we create a low-carbon economy at the lowest cost for consumers.
We will: Make saving energy a top infrastructure priority,
stimulating private sector demand with our new Electricity Demand Reduction market,
new market-shaping energy efficiency standards,
support for industry, particularly SMEs,
and a programme of tax incentives and public investment.
Our plans for insulating homes are set out in more detail in Section 7.5, below.
Stimulate a minimum of £100 billion more private investment in low-carbon energy infrastructure by 2020.
Set a legally binding decarbonisation target range for 2030 for the power sector of 50–100g of CO2 per kWh, which can largely be achieved by expansion of renewables, with an indicative target of 60% of electricity from renewable sources by 2030.
We will support investment in energy storage and smart grid technology to enable this higher reliance on renewables.
Work with the independent regulator Ofgem to ensure the costs of electricity distribution and transmission infrastructure are allocated efficiently and fairly between consumers and generators across the country,
and develop more European electricity interconnection capacity.
Regulate to end the use of unabated coal in electricity generation by 2025 because of its high carbon emissions and impact on local air quality,
and require any new gas stations built after 2030 to be fitted with Carbon Capture and Storage (CCS) technology.
We will implement a second phase of CCS projects by 2020.
Expand community energy, building on Britain’s first ever community energy strategy with additional financial and regulatory support.
We will encourage Councils to be proactive in delivering energy saving and electricity generation.
Encourage onshore wind in appropriate locations, helping meet our climate targets at least cost.
We will end ideologically motivated interference in local planning decisions for wind farms by Government Ministers.
Accept that new nuclear power stations can play a role in low-carbon electricity supply provided concerns about safety, disposal of waste and cost are adequately addressed
and without public subsidy for new build.
Use biomass primarily for heating and small-scale power generation,
act to encourage the wider use of biogas
and argue for the reform of EU policies on biofuels and biomass which help drive deforestation,
including ending all support for food-crop-based biofuels after 2020.
Continue to back new entrants to the energy market, smart meters and faster switching to promote proper competition,
aiming for at least 30% of the household market to be supplied by competitors to the ‘Big 6’ by 2020.
The UK has significant stores of unconventional gas, which could be accessed through the process known as fracking.
It is vital that efforts to access this gas be properly regulated to protect our natural environment.
Liberal Democrats in government have introduced the world’s most robust regulatory regime for unconventional gas,
including banning drilling in National Parks,
and will take two further steps to ensure any shale gas contributes to a faster transition to a low-carbon economy.
We will: Establish a Low-carbon Transition Fund using 50% of any tax revenues from shale gas to fund energy efficiency, community energy, low-carbon innovation and renewable heat.
Require that once a shale gas well is finished, it must be offered at no cost to geothermal heat developers, to enable faster expansion of this renewable technology.
2.7 An open, trading nation
As a major global economy, we must promote open markets and free trade, both within the European Union and beyond.
Only as a full member of a reformed European Union can we be certain Britain’s businesses will have access to markets in Europe and beyond.
Liberal Democrats believe we should welcome talented people from abroad, encourage visitors and tourists who contribute enormously to our economic growth,
and give sanctuary to refugees fleeing persecution.
Immigration procedures must be robust and fair,
and the UK must remain open to visitors who boost our economy,
and migrant workers who play a vital role in business and public services.
We will: Remain a committed member of the EU so we can complete the Single Market in areas including online industries, the energy market and services,
and help negotiate EU international trade agreements, opening opportunities for British businesses.
Support Single Market disciplines in relation to competition and state aid rules
while creating a stronger public interest test for takeovers in research-intensive activities.
Continue to allow high-skill immigration to support key sectors of the economy,
and ensure work, tourist and family visit visas are processed quickly and efficiently.
Ensure the UK is an attractive destination for overseas students,
not least those who wish to study STEM subjects (Science, Technology, Engineering and Maths).
We will reinstate post-study work visas for STEM graduates who can find graduate-level employment within six months of completing their degree.
Tourism and heritage collectively make up as much as 9% of our economy, and yet these industries do not have the status they deserve in government or in wider society.
We will work to make sure the British tourism industry is able to compete with other major world destinations and be a key generator of growth in the UK economy.
We will: Strengthen the Hospitality and Tourism Council, with the Business and Culture Secretaries as co-chairs.
Give higher status to tourism within the Department for Culture, Media and Sport.
Build on our successful Tourism North and Tourism South West initiatives to devolve more power, resources and decision-making to local areas to promote their unique tourism propositions in the UK and globally.
Securing global leadership in technology
The UK has a competitive advantage in key sectors of the modern economy that have the capacity to transform our lives.
The UK’s digital sector is growing at a rate of over 10% a year,
employing nearly 1.5m people.
15% of all new companies last year were digital companies.
We need to support this important sector of our economy.
We will: Complete the rollout of high-speed broadband, to reach almost every household (99.9%) in the UK
as well as small businesses in both rural and urban areas.
Build on the success of Tech City, Tech North and the Cambridge tech cluster with a network across the UK acting as incubators for technology companies.
Support fast-growing businesses that could create a million jobs over 20 years, following the Sherry Coutu report into these  ‘Scale- Ups’.
Promote the take up of STEM subjects in schools, retain coding on the National Curriculum and encourage entrepreneurship at all levels.
Maintain and develop the award-winning Government Digital Service, and the principle of Digital by Default in public services, pressing ahead with plans to extend this to local government.
Continue to release government data sets that can facilitate economic growth in an open and accessible format, including on standards in public services.
Ensure the technology implications of government activity are properly considered by introducing Technology Impact Assessments into the policy design process.
Develop cutting-edge digital skills courses for young people and the unemployed, working with private sector employers and education and training providers.
2.9 Pride in creativity
Liberal Democrats understand that arts, creative industries and culture are crucial to Britain’s success and essential for personal fulfilment and quality of life.
The UK’s creative sector has been one of the great success stories of the past five years, and a critical driver of our recovery.
We are proud of the arts in Britain and will support them properly,
working to deliver access for all, regardless of income, ethnicity, gender, age, belief, sexuality or disability.
We believe the arts have an essential role in our education system and will work to encourage creativity in our schools and universities.
We will: Maintain free access to national museums and galleries,
while giving these institutions greater autonomy.
Protect the independence of the BBC while ensuring the Licence Fee does not rise faster than inflation,
maintain Channel 4 in public ownership
and protect the funding and editorial independence of Welsh language broadcasters.
Support growth in the creative industries, including video gaming, by continuing to support the Creative Industries Council,
promoting creative skills,
supporting modern and flexible patent, copyright and licensing rules,
and addressing the barriers to finance faced by small creative businesses.
Real help for family finances Tax, welfare, pensions and  consumer rights
A fair society is one in which everyone has the means to get by and the chance to get on.
We will continue to rebalance the tax system away from hard work and towards unearned wealth,
while stamping out abusive tax avoidance.
We will increase availability of childcare to help parents who want to work.
We will continue to reform welfare and get people the right support in Jobcentres.
We will build on our world-leading reforms to the pensions system.
And we will fight tirelessly for a better deal for consumers, in the private and public sectors.
Liberal Democrats believe Britain should be more equal, and have worked in government to cut taxes for people on low and middle incomes, putting money back in the pockets of millions of people.
We have improved childcare support, reformed benefits to make sure work pays and improved back-to-work support.
And we have freed up pension savings to give older people more choice about how to manage their money in retirement.
We will continue to rebalance the tax system away from hard work and towards unearned wealth, while stamping out abusive tax avoidance.
We will increase availability of childcare to help parents who want to work.
We will continue to reform welfare and get people the right support in Jobcentres.
We will build on our world-leading reforms to the pensions system.
And we will fight tirelessly for a better deal for consumers, in the private and public sectors.
A Record of Delivery
An £800 tax cut for low and middle income earners, delivered by letting you earn £10,600 tax free
Secured the biggest ever cash rise in the state pension with our ‘triple lock’ policy on uprating
Cut the cost of childcare with more free hours for three and four-year olds, and help for disadvantaged two- year olds too.
Helped people balance work and family life with Shared Parental Leave
and the Right to Request flexible working for all
Kept welfare spending under control, while blocking plans to cut off young people’s benefits
A Promise of More
Raise the Personal Allowance to at least £12,500, cutting your taxes by around £400 more
Legislate to make the ‘triple lock’ permanent, guaranteeing decent pensions rises each year
Extend free childcare to all two-year olds, and to the children of working families from the end of paid parental leave
Expand Shared Parental Leave with a ‘use it or lose it’ month for fathers,
and introduce a right to paid leave for carers
Make sure it pays to work by rolling out Universal Credit,
and invest in back-to-work and healthcare support for those who need it
3.1 Fair taxes
During this Parliament we have gone even further than our manifesto pledge to raise the personal Income Tax threshold to £10,000 a year.
This April’s increase to £10,600 has lifted more than three million people out of Income Tax altogether
and delivered a tax cut of more than £800 for millions of low and middle-income taxpayers.
We will continue to make taxes fairer and simpler,
help those on low and middle incomes,
and ensure those on the highest incomes make a fair contribution.
We will: Raise the tax-free Personal Allowance to at least £12,500 by the end of the next Parliament, putting around £400 back in the pockets of millions of working people and pensioners.
We will bring forward the planned increase to an £11,000 allowance to April 2016.
Consider, as a next step, and once the Personal Allowance rise is delivered, raising the employee National Insurance threshold to the Income Tax threshold, as resources allow,
while protecting low earners’ ability to accrue pension and benefit entitlements.
Ensure those with the highest incomes and wealth are making a fair contribution.
We have identified a series of distortions, loopholes and excess reliefs that should be removed,
raising money to contribute to deficit reduction.
These include reforms to Capital Gains Tax and Dividend Tax relief,
refocusing Entrepreneurs’ Relief
and a supplementary Corporation Tax for the banking sector.
In addition, we will introduce a UK-wide High Value Property Levy on residential properties worth over £2 million.
It will have a banded structure, like Council Tax.
Take tough action against corporate tax evasion and avoidance,
including by: Setting a target for HM Revenue and Customs to reduce the tax gap
and continuing to invest in staff to enable them to meet it.
Introducing a general anti-avoidance rule which would outlaw contrived structures designed purely or largely to avoid tax.
Implementing the planned new offence of corporate failure to prevent economic crime, including tax evasion, with penalties for directors up to and including custodial sentences.
Levying penalties on firms proven to facilitate tax evasion, equivalent to the amount of tax evaded by their clients.
Asking the Bank of England’s Financial Policy Committee to consider the approach to paying tax taken by banks for themselves, their employees and for their customers, as part of their assessment of the risks posed by the sector, supported by an annual report by HMRC.
Restrict access to non-domiciled status,
increasing the charges paid to adopt this status
and ending the ability to inherit it.
3.2 Help with childcare costs
Many parents want to take significant time out from work to care for young children but in many families both parents want or have to work, and the costs of childcare are prohibitive.
We have made dramatic improvements over the current Parliament – with Tax-Free Childcare,
increases in childcare support through the benefit system
and more free childcare hours for two, three and four-year olds.
But we need to do more so that all who want to work can do so.
We will: Commit to an ambitious goal of 20 hours’ free childcare a week for all parents with children aged from two to four-years,
and all working parents from the end of paid parental leave (nine months) to two years.
This will not only help parents afford to work, it will help all children start school confident, happy and ready to learn.
Start by providing 15 hours a week of free childcare to the parents of all two-year olds.
We will then prioritise 15 hours free childcare for all working parents with children aged between nine months and two years.
Complete the introduction of Tax-Free Childcare, which will provide up to £2,000 of childcare support for each child
and include childcare support in Universal Credit, refunding 85% of childcare costs
so work pays for low earners.
Creating jobs and helping people find work
We will: Complete the introduction of Universal Credit (UC), so people are always better off in work.
We will review UC to address any issues regarding ‘cliff edges’, and ensure increased working hours are properly incentivised for all claimants.
We will retain the overall cap on a household’s benefits and believe this should continue to be set at around the average family income.
Deliver a reformed and improved Work Programme in partnership with English local government, and the national governments of Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland.
By devolving this support we can ensure help and training are more tailored to local employment markets and better integrated with other services.
We will improve incentives for Jobcentre staff and Work Programme providers to ensure there is real help for those furthest from the labour market.
Establish a review of effective ways to promote ‘rainy day’ saving to improve people’s financial resilience,
and reform hardship payments, making it easier for people to bring forward part of their benefit payments to deal with emergencies.
Develop a package of specialist support for carers seeking part-time work or a return to full-time employment.
Review sanctions procedures in Jobcentres.
While sanctions can be a necessary last resort to ensure jobseekers are looking for work, they should not be used to cut benefit expenditure deliberately.
Reductions in benefits may not always be the best way to improve claimants’ compliance: those with chaotic lives might be more successful in finding a job if they were directed to targeted support with their problems.
We will ensure there are no league tables or targets for sanctions issued by Jobcentres
and introduce a ‘yellow card’ warning so people are only sanctioned if they deliberately and repeatedly break the rules.
Liberal Democrats will protect young people’s entitlements to the welfare safety net,
while getting them the help they need to get their first job.
That means doubling the number of businesses that hire apprentices.
It also means providing support that has been proven to work, like work experience placements that help them get a first foot on the career ladder.
These placements should be tailored for those with disabilities or mental health problems
and those with parental responsibilities
and we will work to expand the availability of placements into new sectors including manufacturing, science and technology.
3.4 Making welfare work
Working-age benefits make up a significant proportion of public spending, and have long been in need of reform, which we have started in this Parliament.
Through tough choices, we have found savings in the welfare budget
and we must continue to do so as we balance the books.
However, we do not support proposals for a lengthy freeze to working age benefits,
and we will not protect benefits for the wealthiest pensioners at the expense of people working on low wages.
Our priority is to tackle the causes of rising benefit bills – high rents, low pay, sickness and unemployment.
We will: Introduce a 1% cap on the uprating of working-age benefits until the budget is balanced in 2017/18,
after which they will rise with inflation once again.
Disability and parental leave benefits will be exempt from this temporary cap.
Encourage landlords to lower their rent by paying them Housing Benefit directly, with tenants’ consent, in return for a fixed reduction.
Our plans for a major expansion of house building and new ‘family friendly’ tenancies, which limit annual rent increases, will also help reduce upward pressure on rents.
We will review the way the Shared Accommodation Rate in Local Housing Allowance is set,
and review the Broad Rental Market Areas to ensure they fit with realistic travel patterns.
Improve links between Jobcentres and Work Programme providers and the local NHS to ensure all those in receipt of health-related benefits are getting the care and support to which they are entitled.
In particular, as we expand access to talking therapies we expect many more people to recover and be able to seek work again.
Work with Local Authorities to tackle fraud and error in a more coordinated way, in particular on Housing Benefit.
Help everyone in work on a low wage step up the career ladder and increase their hours,
reducing their need for benefits,
with tailored in-work careers and job search advice.
Withdraw eligibility for the Winter Fuel Payment and free TV Licence from pensioners who pay tax at the higher rate (40%).
We will retain the free bus pass for all pensioners.
3.5 Flexibility at work and fair pay
Britain’s employment laws are among the best in the world,
balancing the needs of business for flexibility
with the rights of staff to fair treatment.
Nonetheless there are still too many examples of low pay, exploitation, and bad practice, which contribute to unacceptable levels of inequality in our society.
This has to change: the more people earn a decent wage, the fewer will be dependent on benefits or stuck in poverty.
We will: Encourage employers to provide more flexible working,
expanding Shared Parental Leave with an additional ‘use it or lose it’ month to encourage fathers to take time off with young children.
While changes to parental leave should be introduced slowly to give business time to adjust, our ambition is to see Paternity and Shared Parental Leave become a ‘day one’ right.
Ensure swift implementation of the new rules requiring companies with more than 250 employees to publish details of the different pay levels of men and women in their organisation.
We will build on this platform and, by 2020, extend transparency requirements to include publishing the number of people paid less than the Living Wage
and the ratio between top and median pay.
We will also consult on requirements for companies to conduct and publish a full equality pay review,
and to consult staff on executive pay.
Ask the Low Pay Commission to look at ways of raising the National Minimum Wage, without damaging employment opportunities.
We will improve enforcement action and clamp down on abuses by employers seeking to avoid paying the minimum wage by reviewing practices such as unpaid internships.
Establish an independent review to consult on how to set a fair Living Wage across all sectors.
We will pay this Living Wage in all central government departments and their agencies from April 2016,
and encourage other public sector employers to do likewise.
Improve the enforcement of employment rights, reviewing Employment Tribunal fees to ensure they are not a barrier.
We will ensure employers cannot avoid giving their staff rights or paying the minimum wage by wrongly classifying them as workers or self-employed.
Liberal Democrats understand that flexible employment contracts – including Zero Hours contracts – can work well for employees and businesses.
But that is not always the case and we will continue to stamp out abuse.
We will create a formal right to request a fixed contract
and consult on introducing a right to make regular patterns of work contractual after a period of time.
3.6 Improving support for the hardest to help
For too long, sickness benefits were used as a way of parking people away from the unemployment statistics.
Our aim is to get everyone the support and help they need, both financially and in terms of advice and support.
That does require a formal assessment: but these tests have to be fair and should not be an extra burden for vulnerable people.
That is why we have made many improvements to the assessments introduced by the last government.
We want to aim even higher, ensuring assessments are truly fair, with quick access to financial help for those who cannot work, and support for those who can.
We will: Conduct a review of the Work Capability Assessment and Personal Independence Payment assessments to ensure they are fair, accurate and timely and evaluate the merits of a public sector provider.
Invest to clear any backlog in assessments for Disability Living Allowance and Personal Independence Payment.
Simplify and streamline back-to-work support for people with disabilities, mental or physical health problems.
We will aim for the goal of one assessment and one budget for disabled and sick people to give them more choice and control.
Raise awareness of, and seek to expand, Access to Work, which supports people with disabilities in work.
Reform the policy to remove the spare room subsidy.
Existing social tenants will not be subject to any housing benefit reduction until they have been offered reasonable alternative accommodation.
We will ensure tenants who need an extra bedroom for genuine medical reasons are entitled to one in any assessment of their Housing Benefit needs,
and those whose homes are substantially adapted do not have their Housing Benefit reduced.
3.7 Help to save for and enjoy your retirement
Life expectancy is increasing.
This is obviously good news, but it brings challenges; older people may need a pension income that will last for 20, 30 or even 40 years.
We want to build on the world-leading reforms Liberal Democrats in government have introduced since 2010.
We have abolished the default retirement ages so older people cannot be forced out of work on grounds of age.
We have reversed decades of decline in pensioner incomes by uprating the state pension in line with our ‘triple lock’ guarantee.
We have introduced a new single tier pension to make saving simple.
We have auto-enrolled five million people into a pension for the first time.
And we have scrapped the rules that dictated how you receive your pension, so now you can spend your savings as you see fit.
We want Britain to be the best place in the world to save for, and enjoy, your retirement.
We will: Continue the introduction of our simpler single tier pension so people can plan ahead securely, and feel the benefit of every pound they save.
Legislate for the Liberal Democrat ‘triple lock’ of increasing the State Pension each year by the highest of earnings growth, prices growth or 2.5%.
Ensure pensioners are eligible to gain from the increased Personal Allowance of £12,500.
Improve workplace pensions and continue to auto-enrol workers, completing the rollout of this scheme in full and on time.
We will crack down on charges and encourage people to save more into their pension pot through this scheme.
Press ahead with plans to allow people more freedom in the use of their pension pots and to allow existing pensioners to sell their annuity.
Establish a review to consider the case for, and practical implications of, introducing a single rate of tax relief for pensions, which would be designed to be simpler and fairer and which would be set more generously than the current 20% basic rate relief.
3.8 Protecting consumers and keeping bills low
Confident consumers encourage innovation and competition, which strengthen our economy.
We have radically overhauled consumer rights law, making it simpler and clearer and for the first time protecting consumers buying digital content.
We have driven competition in the energy sector, speeded up switching, and simplified tariffs so customers can always get the best deal.
We have ended the era of above-inflation rail fare increases.
We have clamped down on unscrupulous payday lenders and strengthened protections for vulnerable consumers against rogue traders.
In the next Parliament we want to go further.
We will: Force energy companies to allow customers to change to any cheaper supplier in just 24 hours,
and extend the principle of ‘gainer led’ switching, where your new provider organises your switch for you, into new sectors, including telecoms.
`
Give people easier to understand information about their own energy use, with appropriate privacy protections,
with a national rollout of smart electricity and gas meters.
We will guarantee that anyone on a prepayment meter can choose a smart meter instead by 2017.
Help people form new energy cooperatives so they can benefit from group discounts and cut their bills.
Protect high streets and consumers by granting new powers to Local Authorities to reduce the proliferation of betting shops and substantially reducing the maximum stakes for Fixed Odds Betting Terminals.
Ensure rail fares rise no faster than inflation over the Parliament as a whole.
Require the Sports Ground Safety Authority to prepare guidance under which domestic football clubs, working with their supporters, may introduce safe standing areas.
Continue and expand the midata project into new sectors, giving consumers the right to access data businesses hold on them in an open and reusable format.
3.9 Driving up standards in public services
Citizens expect a good service from their public services, and rightly so.
While many schools, hospitals, libraries and other public institutions offer world-class standards, we could do so much better: integrating services and making them more accessible, as well as improving the response when things go wrong.
Liberal Democrats value the important role the voluntary, independent and community sectors play in the life of our communities and in delivering public services.
To ensure all providers of public services are accountable to their users and the public, a public authority (if possible a democratically accountable one) should always take the decision about whether a service should be provided or commissioned.
We will: Improve consumer protections in public services, with a review of complaints handling processes,
exploring the options of mirroring the private sector ‘super-complaint’ system in the public sector
and reforms to the current system of ombudsmen.
Introduce a ‘community trigger’ mechanism to enable the public to require a review of the provision of a particular service being delivered consistently poorly.
Extend Freedom of Information laws to cover private companies delivering public services.
Work with Local Authorities to bring services together at a local level to provide a better service to citizens
and support users in pooling their personal budgets into mutual support arrangements.
Continue and expand the What Works Network to promote evidence-based policy making,
establish an incubator for social enterprises developing innovative solutions to policy problems
and expand the use of public competitions to encourage innovation in public services.
Require the highest standards of data protection by public service providers, including requiring that where data is used for research purposes it must be anonymised wherever possible,
and impose a moratorium on the creation of new government databases without Parliamentary authority.
An opportunity society World-class education for all
Liberal Democrats have put education at the heart of our agenda for a generation.
We believe every child deserves a great start in life, and are determined to make sure that the education system finds and nurtures the best in everyone.
This is essential in order to break down the unfair divisions in our society,
and to ensure a productive, competitive economy.
Liberal Democrats have put education at the heart of our agenda for a generation.
We believe every child deserves a great start in life, and are determined to make sure that the education system finds and nurtures the best in everyone.
This is essential in order to break down the unfair divisions in our society,
and to ensure a productive, competitive economy.
Too many people have their chances in life determined by who their parents are, rather than by their own efforts and abilities.
With our Pupil Premium, investing in children who might otherwise fall behind, we are finally tackling the scandalous gap in exam results between rich and poor, but we must do even more.
Children start learning from the moment they are born, so parents need to be supported right from the start.
Our plan stretches from cradle to college: high-quality early years education;
qualified teachers and successful schools in every community;
more money helping the children who need it most;
flexible choices for teenagers and young people;
and world-class training at college and university
to set every young adult on the path to a fulfilled working life.
A Record of Delivery
Protection for school budgets
and new Pupil Premium cash for your local school to help children who might otherwise fall behind
A million more children now taught in good or outstanding schools
Driven up standards and narrowed the attainment gap between rich and poor children
Free school meals for the youngest children in primary school
Two million apprenticeships, training our young people for 21st century jobs,
and record numbers going to university
A Promise of More
Protect early years, school, sixth form and college budgets – investment from nursery to 19 to raise standards for all
Parents’ Guarantee: core curriculum in every school and every child taught by qualified teachers
End illiteracy and innumeracy by 2025,
with action in nurseries to get all 4 year olds ready for school by 2020
Extend free school meals to all primary pupils
Double the numbers of businesses hiring apprentices,
and give young people aged 16–21 a discount bus pass to cut the cost of travel
4.1 High-quality early years education
If we want a more equal society, we must get help to all those who might fall behind, and their parents, right from the start.
That means improving early education
and protecting the wide range of family support services offered in Children’s Centres.
We must improve the quality of early years teaching,
and raise the status of those who work in early years.
We will: Raise the quality of early years provision and ensure that by 2020 every formal early years setting employs at least one person who holds an Early Years Teacher qualification.
Working with organisations like Teach First, we will recruit more staff with Early Years Qualified status,
and extend full Qualified Teacher status, terms and conditions to all those who are properly trained.
Increase our Early Years Pupil Premium – which gives early years settings extra money to help children from disadvantaged backgrounds – to £1,000 per pupil per year.
Continue to support Local Authorities in providing Children’s Centres, especially in areas of high need,
encouraging integration with other community services like health visitors,
and in particular reviewing the support and advice available for parents on early child nutrition and breastfeeding.
Improve the identification of Special Educational Needs and disability at the earliest possible stage, so targeted support can be provided
and primary schools are better prepared for their intake of pupils.
4.2 Driving up school standards
There is much to be proud of in our schools today, and much that has been improved in the last few years.
But far too many children are still failing to get the qualifications they need.
The gaps between rich and poor are still too wide.
We cannot fail our children – especially when we know it is the children who need the most help who are the most likely to be let down.
We will: Protect the education budget in real terms from the early years to age 19.
We will at least protect the schools’ Pupil Premium in real terms,
consider carefully the merits of extending the Premium,
and introduce a fair National Funding Formula.
Set a clear ambition for all children to achieve a good grasp of Maths and English, aiming to eradicate child illiteracy and innumeracy by 2025.
`We will set an interim goal that all children should start school with good language skills by 2020.
Strengthen school leadership and governance.
We will provide rapid support and intervention to help ensure that all schools become good or outstanding.
Our Talented Head Teachers programme will expand, helping move top leaders to where they are most needed.
Increase the number of Teaching Schools – centres of teaching excellence that provide support to other schools.
Ensure there is an effective, democratically accountable, ‘middle tier’ to support and intervene in schools where problems are identified.
We will encourage local head teachers with a strong record to play a key role in school improvement through a local Head Teacher Board, working with schools and Local Authorities.
We will abolish unelected Regional Schools Commissioners.
Allow Ofsted to inspect both Local Authorities and academy chains.
Local authorities and academy chains which are failed by Ofsted for intervention work will be required to work with stronger organisations or be replaced.
Rule out state-funded profit-making schools.
Give democratically accountable Local Authorities clear responsibility for local school places planning.
We will only fund new mainstream schools in areas where school places are needed,
and repeal the rule that all new state funded schools must be free schools or academies.
We will allow Local Authorities to select the school sponsor, where this is not the Local Authority itself.
Ensure a fair local schools admissions process.
Implement the Children’s Commissioner’s report They Go The Extra Mile into the prevention of and positive alternatives to exclusion, and strengthen appeals panels.
Extend free school meals to all children in primary education as resources allow and following a full evaluation of free meals for infants.
Continue to promote the local integration of health, care and educational support for children with Special Educational Needs and health problems.
We will allow parents to continue to choose faith-based schools within the state-funded sector and allow the establishment of new faith schools.
We will ensure all faith schools develop an inclusive admissions policy and end unfair discrimination on grounds of faith when recruiting staff,
except for those principally responsible for optional religious instruction.
4.3 World-class teaching
Great teachers are at the heart of a successful education system.
We will continue our work to attract the best into the profession and support teachers throughout their careers.
We want to build the status of the teaching profession, support and nurture teachers in their work, and so drive up standards in every school.
We will: Guarantee all teachers in state-funded schools will be fully qualified or working towards Qualified Teacher Status (QTS) from September 2016.
Introduce a clear and properly funded entitlement to professional development for all teachers.
We will raise the bar for entry to the profession, requiring a B grade minimum in GCSE Maths and English, allowing us to abolish the separate Maths and English tests.
Help establish a new profession-led Royal College of Teachers, eventually to oversee Qualified Teacher Status and professional development.
We do not believe Ministers should dictate teaching practice and will not issue instructions about how to structure the school day or what kind of lessons to conduct.
Continue to support the Teach First programme to attract high calibre graduates into teaching, in particular in STEM subjects.
Tackle unnecessary teacher workload, including by: Avoiding policy changes while children are within a key stage.
Establishing the right accountability framework for schools.
Ensuring Ofsted inspections are high-quality, fair to all schools and focus on outcomes and not processes.
Establish a new National Leadership Institute to promote high-quality leadership and help the best leaders into the most challenging schools.
Continue to work with the Education Endowment Foundation to establish a comprehensive evidence base on what works in teaching, including assessing play-based learning in early education,
and tackling the attainment gap.
We need to encourage and inspire more children to study STEM subjects.
At primary level we will encourage schools to have at least one science specialist among the staff,
and at secondary level work to maximise the number of teachers who have degree qualifications in the subjects they teach.
4.4 Curriculum and qualifications
We want schools to have flexibility and freedom, but we also believe that both parents and children need to know that the school curriculum will cover the essentials,
and that teachers will be skilled educators who know how to inspire a love of learning.
That is why we have developed our Parents’ Guarantee: every child will be taught by qualified teachers,
and the core curriculum will be taught at every state-funded school.
We want the highest standards in our schools, and will ensure that every child has a thorough grasp of the basics.
But we also understand that a great education is about more than just learning facts:
creativity should be nurtured,
children should be helped to develop the life skills they will need as adults,
and every pupil should be given advice and guidance about their future.
We will: Establish an independent Educational Standards Authority (ESA) entirely removed from Ministerial interference.
The ESA will have responsibility for curriculum content and examination standards.
Introduce a minimum curriculum entitlement – a slimmed down core national curriculum, which will be taught in all state-funded schools.
This will include Personal, Social and Health Education: a ‘curriculum for life’ including financial literacy, first aid and emergency lifesaving skills, citizenship, and age-appropriate sex and relationship education.
To ensure all children learn about a wide range of religious and nonreligious world views, religious education will be included in the core curriculum;
however we will give schools the freedom to set policy on whether to hold acts of collective worship, while ensuring any such acts are strictly optional.
Complete the introduction of reformed GCSEs, while continuing to oppose Conservative plans for a return to the old O-level/CSE divide.
Improve the quality of vocational education, including skills for entrepreneurship and self-employment,
and improve careers advice in schools and colleges.
4.5 Improving care for looked after children
Liberal Democrats have long championed early intervention to prevent problems before they arise, but we also need to make sure we equip social workers with the skills to address these complex issues and ensure children’s safety.
`Where children do have to be taken into care we must make sure they find a loving home with as little disruption and instability as possible.
We have done much in Government to be proud of in helping children in care and to improve social work, but we can still go further.
We will: Continue to invest in early intervention, further expanding the Troubled Families Programme
and building on the work of the Early Intervention Foundation to spread evidence of what works.
Expect Local Authorities to set out a clear purpose for the care system: to promote emotional wellbeing and resilience,
provide a secure base on which children can be supported in their development
and provide individually tailored help with recovery.
Raise the quality and profile of children’s social work,
continuing and expanding the Frontline programme – which is fast-tracking the brightest and best into the profession – to at least 300 graduate recruits each year.
Tackle delay and instability in foster care, with better support and training for foster carers, including on mental health issues.
Continue to make it easier for children in care to find a loving home, through the national Adoption Register
and the new national gateway for adoption, a first point of contact for potential adopters.
Prevent looked after children and young people being drawn into the criminal justice system unnecessarily by promoting restorative justice.
4.6 Improving support for young adults
We want young people to face the future with optimism and confidence.
The education leaving age has now risen to 18, but as children grow, their independence grows too, and the support that education and youth services provide to them and their families needs to adapt.
Whether it is supporting people with the costs of travel to college or apprenticeships,
or promoting positive images of young people by celebrating their successes: Liberal Democrats are on the side of the next generation.
We will: Work to introduce a new Young Person’s Discount Card, for young people aged 16–21, giving a 2/3rds discount on bus travel, as resources allow.
This will assist all bus users by helping maintain the viability of existing bus routes and making it easier to open new ones
Enable government departments, local Councils and private businesses to add discount offers to the Young Person’s Discount Card.
Review access to transport for students and apprentices in rural areas where no scheduled services may be available.
Develop an NHS ‘student guarantee’, making it easier for students to get care and support while at university,
particularly those with long-term health conditions or caring responsibilities.
Promote social action and volunteering at school, college and university and work to raise the status of youth work and youth workers.
Improve links between employers and schools, encouraging all schools to participate in mentoring schemes and programmes that seek to raise aspiration like Speakers for Schools and Inspiring The Future.
In particular, we will seek to inspire more children and young people to follow technical and scientific careers through partnership with relevant businesses.
4.7 A world class university sector, open to all
Liberal Democrats have ensured that no undergraduate student in England has to pay a penny up front of their tuition fees.
Students in England do not have to pay anything until they are earning over £21,000 per year – a figure which will increase in line with earnings – and over that income, monthly repayments are linked to earnings.
This means only high-earning graduates pay their tuition fees in full.
We now have the highest university application rates ever, including from disadvantaged students.
But we need to ensure higher education is accessible to all those who can benefit, including at postgraduate level.
Liberal Democrats in government secured the first ever income-contingent loans scheme for graduate degrees, which we will protect and seek to extend.
We will: Ensure that all universities work to widen participation across the sector, prioritising early intervention in schools and colleges.
This will include running summer schools and setting up mentoring programmes between students or alumni and school pupils.
Require universities to be transparent about their selection criteria.
Work with university ‘mission groups’ to develop a comprehensive credit accumulation and transfer framework to help students transfer between and within institutions,
enable more part-time learning,
and help more people to complete qualifications.
Improve the Key Information Set and explore the option of a standardised student contract.
We will legislate to reform regulation of the higher education sector, improving student protection.
Establish a review of higher education finance within the next Parliament to consider any necessary reforms, in the light of the latest evidence of the impact of the existing financing system on access, participation (including of low-income groups) and quality.
The review will cover undergraduate and postgraduate courses, with an emphasis on support for living costs for students, especially from disadvantaged backgrounds.
4.8 Expanding and improving apprenticeships  and further education
More people have started an apprenticeship in this Parliament than ever before.
As we grow our economy, we must protect and enhance adult skills training and our further education colleges.
We need to grow our skill base, especially in the technologies and industries that are most important to our economic future.
We want it to become the norm for businesses to take on and train up young people as apprentices in every sector of our economy,
and for higher level apprenticeships to be understood as a respected alternative to university education.
We will: Increase the number of apprenticeships and improve their quality,
extending the Apprenticeship Grant for Employers for the remainder of the next Parliament, delivering 200,000 grants to employers
and expanding the number of degree-equivalent Higher Apprenticeships.
Aim to double the number of businesses which hire apprentices, including by extending them to new sectors of our economy, like creative and digital industries.
Develop National Colleges as national centres of expertise for key sectors, like renewable energy, to deliver the high-level vocational skills that businesses need.
Establish a cross-party commission to secure a long-term settlement for the public funding of reskilling and lifelong learning.
Set up a review into the VAT treatment of Sixth Form Colleges and FE Colleges to ensure fair treatment in relation to the schools sector.
Work with the Apprenticeship Advisory Group to increase the number of apprentices from BAME backgrounds,
ensure gender balance across industry sectors,
and encourage underrepresented groups to apply.
Identify and seek to solve skills gaps like the lack of advanced technicians by expanding higher vocational training like foundation degrees, Higher National Diplomas, Higher National Certificates and Higher Apprenticeships.
Good health is one of the most important assets we can have in life, and we must do all we can to help people stay healthy,
as well as provide high-quality care when they are ill.
Our NHS is the envy of the world, and we will fund it properly,
ending the discrimination against mental health which has existed for too long,
and delivering equal care.
Building a healthier society Protecting the NHS and  improving health
Good health is one of the most important assets we can have in life, and we must do all we can to help people stay healthy,
as well as provide high-quality care when they are ill.
Our NHS is the envy of the world, and we will fund it properly,
ending the discrimination against mental health which has existed for too long,
and delivering equal care.
As a nation, we are living longer but that means we have more people living with conditions like cancer, diabetes and dementia who need care and support to live with dignity and the maximum degree of independence.
We must set the highest standards in care,
with a well-trained and motivated workforce,
and get health and care services to work together without artificial boundaries.
Health and wellbeing are affected by far more than just the quality of health and care services.
Liberal Democrats will act to ensure that everything government does supports people to improve their wellbeing:
we will work to improve the wider factors that affect our health like warm homes, good air quality and access to healthy food so everyone can have the best opportunity to lead a healthy life.
A Record of Delivery
Increased the NHS budget every year in real terms, helping fund nearly 10,000 more doctors and 7,000 more nurses
Improved access to talking therapies: 2.6 million patients have been treated since 2010
£400m invested to give carers a break with our respite fund
Capped the cost of care, so older people can afford to get the help they need
A Promise of More
Deliver the £8 billion England’s NHS leaders say is needed to keep it strong,
with money for Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland too
Invest £500m to transform mental health care with waiting time standards to match those in physical health care
Introduce a package of support for carers including a £250 Carer’s Bonus every year
Crack down on bad care,
with better pay and conditions for care staff
and higher standards for all
5.1 Investing in our NHS
The NHS is our most treasured public service.
Liberal Democrats are committed to the founding principles of the NHS as a taxpayer-funded system, free at the point of use.
To ensure this principle is maintained even as demand for health care grows, we will give the NHS the investment it needs.
We are the only party with a credible plan to deliver the extra £8 billion NHS leaders know our health service in England needs by 2020,
with the appropriate boost to funding for Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland too.
We will:  Always ensure access to health care is based on need not ability to pay
and that the NHS remains free at the point of delivery.
Deliver the money needed for England’s NHS by: Continuing real-terms protection of the NHS budget
until we have balanced the books in 2017/18
– with a £1 billion boost on top of this protection.
We made a start towards this £1 billion increase in the Budget by securing a £250m a year investment in mental health.
Increasing NHS spending in line with economic growth from then on.
These commitments mean NHS funding in England will be at least £8 billion higher a year in real terms by 2020.
This will lead to higher funding for the Scottish, Welsh and Northern Irish governments, too, which Liberal Democrats believe should be spent on their health services.
Invest half the initial £1 billion in providing care in people’s own homes and communities, preventing emergency admissions and making it easier to discharge people after a hospital stay – and so relieving pressures on all hospital services.
Make sure the NHS is funded and organised to carry out diagnostic tests and necessary treatments in a timely and effective manner, so that waiting times meet public expectations without distorting clinical priorities.
Join up health and care at national level, shifting full responsibility for care policy and funding to the Department of Health.
To ensure the NHS is safeguarded for the long term we will commission a non-partisan Fundamental Review of NHS and social care funding this year.
We will involve as many people as possible in this nationwide consultation.
5.2 Equal care for mental health
One in four of us will experience mental health problems, but for decades mental health has been the last in the queue for funding and attention.
Mental health problems cost the country as much as £100 billion each year yet less than a quarter of people with depression get the treatment they need.
In 2012, we called a halt to this and wrote equality for mental health into law.
We are now making real progress, introducing the first ever waiting time standards in mental health.
We have invested £400m in increasing access to talking therapies
and £150m in help for people with eating disorders, but there is still a long way to go.
That is why we will increase mental health spending in England’s NHS by £500m a year by 2016/17 – half of which we delivered in this year’s Budget –
and provide the cash for similar investments in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.
To deliver genuine equality between mental and physical health in the NHS we will: Continue to roll out access and waiting time standards for children, young people and adults.
This will include a waiting time standard from referral of no more than six weeks for therapy for depression or anxiety
and a two-week wait standard for all young people experiencing a first episode of psychosis.
Increase access to clinically and cost-effective talking therapies so hundreds of thousands more people can get this support.
Our long-term goal is to see everyone who can benefit being treated, but we will set an interim target of getting 25% of those suffering into treatment.
Transform care for pregnant women, new mothers and those who have experienced miscarriage or stillbirth, and help them get the early care they need.
Revolutionise children’s mental health services.
With the £250m a year announced in this year’s Budget we will implement the proposals outlined in the report of the Government’s Children’s Mental Health Taskforce.
This means building better links with schools, ensuring all children develop mental resilience, and getting support and care quickly to those who are struggling.
Our investment will help ensure children can access high-quality care closer to home.
Ensure no one in crisis is turned away, with new waiting time standards and better crisis care in Accident and Emergency (A&E),
in the community
and via phone lines.
This will enable us to end the use of police cells for people facing a mental health crisis.
Radically transform mental health services, extending the use of personal budgets,
integrating care more fully with the rest of the NHS,
introducing rigorous inspection and high-quality standards,
comprehensive collection of data to monitor outcomes and waiting times
and changing the way services are funded so they do not lose out in funding decisions in future.
Introduce care navigators so people get help finding their way around the system,
and set stretching standards to improve the physical health of people with mental health problems.
To improve wellbeing and make the UK more mental health-friendly, we will: Publish a national wellbeing strategy, which puts better health and wellbeing for all at the heart of government policy.
This will cover all aspects of government policy, including transport, access to nature, and housing, at national and local level.
Develop a clear approach on preventing mental illness, with a public health campaign promoting the steps people can take to improve their own mental resilience – the wellbeing equivalent of the ‘Five a Day’ campaign.
Support good practice among employers in promoting wellbeing and ensure people with mental health problems get the help they need to stay in or find work.
Establish a world-leading mental health research fund, investing £50m to further our understanding of mental illness and develop more effective treatments.
Continue to support the Time to Change programme to tackle stigma against mental health.
Ensure all frontline public service professionals, including in schools and universities, get better training in mental health
–  helping them to develop their own mental resilience as well as learning to identify people with mental health problems.
Support community services and volunteers working to combat loneliness, particularly in later life.
5.3 Joining up health and social care
We need services that fit around people’s lives, not ones that force them to fit their lives around the care they need.
This is going to be increasingly important as our population ages and the number of people living with long-term conditions continues to grow.
It is time to move away from a fragmented system to an integrated service with more joined-up care,
and more personal budgets so people can design services for their own individual needs.
We believe this should happen from the bottom up, suiting the needs of local communities.
We will: Secure local agreement on full pooling of budgets between the NHS and care services with a target date of 2018, consulting on a legal duty for this.
The details of how services are commissioned will remain a matter for local areas.
In this way we will build on the radical proposals to integrate health and care funding in Greater Manchester.
Continue to develop Health and Wellbeing Boards to take a broad view of how services can improve wellbeing in their area,
ensuring democratic accountability for local care.
Combine the public health, adult social care and health outcome frameworks into a single national wellbeing outcomes framework to ensure the NHS and local government work together towards common goals.
Support new joined-up services such as GPs providing services like scans and blood tests closer to home,
or hospitals having GP surgeries within A&E departments.
Encourage the development of joined-up health providers, which cover hospital and community services, including GPs, learning from international best practice.
We will permit NHS commissioners and providers in a local area to form a single integrated health organisation where appropriate.
Work with Monitor to reform NHS funding systems, moving away from payments for activity to tariffs that encourage joined-up services and preventive care.
Liberal Democrats are committed to repealing any parts of the Health and Social Care Act 2012 which make NHS services vulnerable to forced privatisation through international agreements on free markets in goods and services.
We will end the role of the Competition and Markets Authority in health, making it clear that the needs of patients, fairness and access always come ahead of competition,
and that good local NHS services do not have to be put out to tender.
After determined negotiations, we now have a clear guarantee from the EU that member states’ rights to provide public services directly and not open them up to competition are explicitly enshrined in the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP),
and we will ensure this remains the case for TTIP and any future trade agreements.
5.4 Better access to GPs and community care
Most people’s experience of the NHS is their local GP, or the nurses and support staff who visit them at home or work in community clinics.
Better access to care in GP surgeries and closer to home is better for patients and will also help reduce pressure on hospitals, A&E departments and ambulances.
We will: Ensure easier access to GPs, expanding evening and weekend opening,
encouraging phone and Skype appointments,
encouraging GPs to work together in federations, and allowing people more choice.
Encourage GPs and other community clinicians to work in disadvantaged areas though our Patient Premium.
Better utilise the network of community pharmacists across the country so they become the first point of contact for advice on minor illnesses and are joined-up with GPs and community health teams.
Encourage health services to link up with Local Authority social care teams and voluntary services to join up care.
Review the rules for exemption from prescription charges to ensure they are fair to those with long-term conditions and disabilities.
5.5 Aiming higher: following the evidence to  improve health and care
We will set ambitious goals so everything we do in the NHS is focused on helping people in Britain live longer, healthier, lives.
Early diagnosis is absolutely crucial and can make a life-saving difference, so we will support screening programmes where these are proven to be both clinically and cost-effective.
It is also vital we invest in research to develop new treatments and find new ways of delivering innovative treatments in affordable ways.
We will: Set ambitious goals to improve outcomes for the most serious life-threatening diseases like cancer and long-term conditions like dementia.
Work towards a global deal to release significant additional funds for finding a cure or preventive treatment for dementia, doubling NHS research spend for this condition by 2020.
Set clear goals for earlier diagnosis and improved aftercare for conditions like cancer and heart disease.
Promote evidence-based ‘social prescribing’ of sport, arts and other activity to help tackle obesity, mental health problems and other health conditions,
and work to widen the evidence base.
Continue to introduce evidence-based screening programmes, encouraging increased participation with informed consent.
Improve patient safety by updating the laws on regulation of health professionals and on cosmetic procedures.
Ensure targets in the NHS are evidence-based and do not distort clinical priorities.
Improve support for groups that often face lower standards of care, such as older people and people with mental health problems or learning disabilities.
Get the best for the NHS out of innovative medicines and treatments while continuing to ensure value for money for the NHS in negotiations on the cost of medicines, promoting the use of generic medicines where appropriate.
Support, including through rules on public funding and research, moves towards ensuring all clinical trials are registered, with their methods and summary results reported in public.
We will develop a just settlement for haemophiliacs who were given contaminated blood, and their families.
5.6 Helping people keep healthy
It is better for patients and for the NHS if we keep people healthy in the first place, rather than just waiting until people develop illnesses and come for treatment.
This means doing more to promote healthy eating and exercise,
making people aware of the dangers of smoking and excessive consumption of alcohol and other drugs,
and helping to improve mental health and wellbeing.
In government we have taken significant steps, taking tobacco off display in shops and introducing standardised packaging, for example.
We have also returned the delivery of public health services to Local Authorities to ensure a more coordinated and localised approach.
Improving our environment is a vital step to improving people’s health.
By insulating homes we can reduce the number of people who become unwell because of the cold;
by tackling air pollution we can attack the root causes of many deaths;
by opening up more sports facilities and building more cycle routes we can cut obesity and reduce heart problems.
We will: Support effective public awareness campaigns like Be Clear on Cancer, working closely with charities to raise awareness of the signs and symptoms of killer diseases.
Keep public health within local government, where it is effectively joined-up with preventive community services.
Restrict the marketing of junk food to children, including restricting TV advertising before the 9pm watershed,
and maintain the effective ‘Five a Day’ campaign.
Encourage the traffic light labelling system for food products and publication of information on calorie, fat, sugar and salt content in restaurants and takeaways.
Reduce smoking rates, including by completing the introduction of standardised packaging for tobacco products.
We will introduce a tax levy on tobacco companies so they fairly contribute to the costs of health care and smoking cessation services, subject to consultation on the detailed design and practicalities.
Carefully monitor the growing evidence base around electronic cigarettes, which appear to be a route by which many people are quitting tobacco,
and ensure restrictions on marketing and use are proportionate and evidence-based.
For example, we support restrictions on advertising which risks promoting tobacco or targets under 18s, such as those introduced in 2014, but would rule out a statutory ban on ‘vaping’ in public places.
Introduce Minimum Unit Pricing for alcohol, subject to the outcome of the legal challenge in Scotland,
and support the greater use of Local Authority powers and criminal behaviour orders to help communities tackle alcohol-related crime and disorder.
Pass a Nature Act to increase access to green spaces
and a Green Transport Act to cut air pollution.
5.7 Help for carers
The number of family carers is rising, including in the ‘sandwich generation’ who find themselves trying to care for their children and their parents at the same time.
Carers are unsung heroes and we need to do more to help them.
We have already invested £400m in carers’ breaks, but we can and must go further.
We will: Introduce an annual Carer’s Bonus of £250 for carers looking after someone for 35 hours or more each week.
Work to raise the amount you can earn before losing Carer’s Allowance from £110 to £150 a week.
Consult on introducing five days’ paid additional ‘care leave’ a year for carers who qualify for the Carer’s Allowance.
Give the NHS a legal duty to identify carers and develop a Carer’s Passport scheme to inform carers of their rights in the NHS, like more flexible visiting hours, assert their role as expert partners in care and gain access to support.
5.8 Improving social care
Although we want to support people to remain independent as long as possible, many people will eventually need to rely on the care system.
Liberal Democrats fought hard to secure the cap on the cost of care that will be introduced in 2017,
but the quality of care is vital too.
We have introduced rigorous new inspections under the Chief Inspector of Social Care and new guidance to end the use of fifteen-minute visits.
We will end ‘care cramming’, which turns care workers into clockwatchers rushing between jobs.
We are clamping down on care workers being paid less than the National Minimum Wage by resourcing and directing HMRC to pursue and prosecute providers who exploit their staff.
We will: Finish the job of implementing the Dilnot Report proposals for a cap on the cost of social care.
Provide more choice at the end of life, and free end-of-life social care for those placed on their local end-of-life register if evidence shows it is affordable and cost effective.
Ask the Care Quality Commission to showcase examples of good and bad practice in care commissioning by Councils.
Raise the professional status and training of care home managers through statutory licensing.
Ensure those who work in the care sector are properly trained and suitable to practice by introducing a statutory code of conduct backed up by a care workers’ suitability register.
Work with local government and providers to promote paying a Living Wage.
`
Better places  to live Communities, farming and the  natural environment
Liberal Democrats are the only major party that takes seriously the responsibility of protecting our natural environment.
We believe it is vital to make sure everyone has access to clean water, clean air and green spaces.
We want to hand our countryside and green spaces on to the next generation in a better condition than when we were children.
Liberal Democrats are the only major party that takes seriously the responsibility of protecting our natural environment.
We believe it is vital to make sure everyone has access to clean water, clean air and green spaces.
We want to hand our countryside and green spaces on to the next generation in a better condition than when we were children.
That is why we have consistently defended the natural environment in government, bringing forward plans for a 5p charge for plastic bags,
planting a million extra trees in England
and ensuring Natural England remains a strong and independent organisation able to speak up for nature.
We have fought to protect the Green Belt and Areas of Outstanding Natural Beauty,
and we have increased public access to our coastal paths.
Liberal Democrats are proud to represent a large part of rural Britain and many farming constituencies.
We believe a fair society is one where people can afford to work and live in the countryside,
and where farmers get the support they need.
We want them to have a prosperous, sustainable future, and help them cope with the challenges facing them, from floods to animal diseases.
That is why we introduced the Groceries Code Adjudicator to ensure large supermarkets treat their suppliers lawfully and fairly.
We have spent £3.2 billion on flood management and defences over the course of this Parliament.
Liberal Democrats have kept farming and the natural environment at the top of the agenda over the past five years.
We will ensure it remains a priority in the next Parliament.
A Record of Delivery
Planted a million trees and protected our national forests by blocking plans to sell them off
Introduced a 5p charge on throwaway plastic bags to reduce waste
£500m investment package to promote Ultra Low Emission vehicles which will cut emissions and improve air quality
Halted the Post Office closure programme
and brought broadband to 80% of homes.
A Promise of More
Expand accessible green space with new National Nature Parks chosen by local communities,
and plant a tree for every child born
Drive up recycling to 70% of household waste and minimise landfill
Save lives by cleaning up our air, with low emission zones in towns with a pollution problem
Complete broadband rollout to every home,
and create an innovation fund to help keep local GPs,
post offices
and libraries open
6.1 Protecting nature
Britain’s natural environment is precious.
Without our green spaces, we would live less satisfying lives; they are critical to health, wellbeing and our sense of community.
Even in cash terms, short-term profits from exploiting the environment carry a longer-term penalty in squandered resources, clear-up costs and the impact on health.
We will ensure that protecting the natural environment becomes a core commitment of every government department and agency.
We will: Pass a Nature Act to put the Natural Capital Committee (NCC) on a statutory footing,
set natural capital targets, including on biodiversity, clean air and water,
and empower the NCC to recommend actions to meet these targets.
Significantly increase the amount of accessible green space.
We will complete the coastal path,
introduce a fuller Right to Roam
and a new designation of National Nature Parks to protect up to a million acres of accessible green space valued by local communities.
Place the management of public forests on a sustainable footing, in line with the recommendations of the Independent Panel on Forestry,
and plant at least an additional tree for every child born – about 750,000 every year – as part of a major afforestation plan.
Tackle wildlife and environmental crime with increased enforcement of environmental regulations by all relevant authorities
and higher penalties to ensure environmental crime is not a financial risk worth taking.
Improve UK enforcement of the EU Birds and Habitats Directive.
Bring forward a package of measures to protect bees and other pollinators, including legal protection for bumblebee nests.
Designate an ecologically coherent network of marine protected areas with appropriate management by 2020.
Encourage the uptake of water metering, including introducing metering in all defined water-stressed areas by 2025,
coupled with the development of national social tariffs to protect low-income households.
Liberal Democrats believe in the highest standards of animal welfare.
We will review the rules surrounding the sale of pets to ensure they promote responsible breeding and sales
and minimise the use of animals in scientific experimentation,
including by funding research into alternatives.
We remain committed to the three Rs of humane animal research: Replace, Reduce, Refine.
6.2 Waste not, want not: using our resources to generate lasting prosperity
The successful economies of the future will be ‘circular’ - where waste and the use of non-renewable resources are minimised and recovery, reuse and recycling are maximised.
Britain has a real opportunity to lead the way, generating sustainable prosperity and jobs.
We will bring forward a comprehensive waste strategy to build a thriving reuse and recycling industry
and pass a Resource Efficiency and Zero Waste Act to: Task the Natural Capital Committee with producing a ‘Stern report’ on resource use, identifying resources being used unsustainably and recommending legally binding targets for reducing their net consumption.
Use regulation both nationally and in the EU to promote sustainable design
where reparability, reuse and recyclability are prioritised,
and to reduce packaging waste.
Establish a coherent tax and regulatory framework for landfill, incineration and waste collection to drive continuous increases in reuse and recycling rates
and ensure only non-recyclable waste is incinerated,
including reinstating the Landfill Tax escalator and extending it to the lower rate
and consulting on the introduction of an Incineration Tax.
Commission the Natural Capital Committee to investigate the potential for other resource taxes, including deposit refund schemes.
Establish a statutory waste recycling target of 70% in England.
Encourage the growth of anaerobic digestion to produce biogas for heat and transport, and sustainable fertiliser,
working with Local Authorities to extend separate food waste collections to at least 90% of homes by 2020.
6.3 Food and farming
Our farmers do an essential job putting food on our tables and enhancing the natural environment, but food policy has been neglected for too long.
We will encourage investment, growth, innovation and new entrants, securing the future of the UK food and farming industry.
Liberal Democrats want continued reform of the Common Agricultural Policy,
eliminating the remaining production and export subsidies and supporting the development of environmentally sustainable solutions to growing demand for food.
We will: Ensure farming support is concentrated on sustainable food production,
conservation and tackling climate change,
shifting CAP payments to the active farmer rather than the landowner.
Introduce a National Food Strategy to promote the production and consumption of healthy, sustainable and affordable food.
Our strategy will increase the use of locally and sustainably sourced, healthy and seasonal food, including in public institutions like schools and the NHS, implementing and expanding Defra’s Plan for Public Procurement.
Work at EU level to ensure clear and unambiguous country of origin labelling on meat, meat products, milk and dairy products.
Continue to support the Groceries Code Adjudicator.
We will allow the Adjudicator to use discretion when holding a supermarket responsible for the treatment of suppliers so they can help ensure farmers get a fair price.
This will help all suppliers, including in the dairy industry, which is under particular pressure.
Ensure the Food Standards Agency is adequately resourced to enforce food safety standards,
and strengthen food fraud surveillance.
Help farmers and growers compete internationally by continuing to reduce the administrative and regulatory burden
and developing an Animal Disease Strategy to reduce the risks and costs of animal disease.
Continue to improve standards of animal welfare, building on Britain’s leadership.
We will review the use of cages, crates and routine preventive antibiotics.
Introduce effective, science-led ways of controlling bovine TB, including by investing to produce workable vaccines, in line with the TB Eradication Strategy.
We will only support extending the existing cull pilots if they are shown to be effective, humane and safe.
Fully implement recent reforms of the Common Fisheries Policy, working with industry and others to develop a national plan for sustainable UK fisheries,
with fair treatment for the inshore small boat fleet.
6.4 Adapting to climate change
The devastating floods experienced over the past few years are a sign of accelerating climate change,
exacerbated by changing patterns of land use.
We need to find better ways of adapting to storms, gales, flooding and heat waves that put increased pressure on infrastructure, water supplies and ecosystems.
We will: Prepare a national resilience plan to help the UK economy, national infrastructure and natural resources adapt to the likely impacts of a 3-4 degree global average temperature rise.
Work with local government to review the governance of flood risk and land drainage, including the role of Internal Drainage Boards,
and introduce high standards for flood resilience for buildings and infrastructure in flood risk areas.
Set up a commission to research back-to-nature flood prevention schemes, including the role of habitats such as upland bogs and moors, woodlands, wetlands and species-rich grasslands in absorbing and holding water
Implement programmes to help farmers and other land users adapt to climate change impacts including protecting soil and forest carbon sinks, encouraging planting in uplands and restoring flood plains.
Review the system of approvals required by landowners to repair existing flood protection measures on their land.
Increase the uptake of Sustainable Urban Drainage Systems to maximise value for money for the taxpayer.
We will consult on the best ways to finance this.
Update construction and planning standards to futureproof buildings against higher summer temperatures.
6.5 Air quality and greener transport
Poor air quality is a significant health problem.
After smoking, estimates suggest it is Britain’s second biggest public health challenge, responsible for the equivalent of 29,000 deaths every year.
We will pass a Green Transport Act, including a National Plan to improve dramatically Britain’s air quality by 2020.
Our National Air Quality Plan for consultation will include: A legal requirement targeted at the most polluted towns and cities, to create Low Emission Zones.
New incentives for local schemes that cut transport-related pollution, and encourage walking and cycling.
A review of the MOT process, to see whether changes could be introduced to cut emissions from existing vehicles.
Support for new EU proposals on air quality targets and updated plans to more quickly meet existing EU air quality standards for concentrations of nitrogen dioxide.
To promote innovation and greener transport choices we will: Support ambitious EU vehicle emission standards,
and reform Vehicle Excise Duty to drive continuous reductions in greenhouse gas and other pollutants from the UK car fleet and return revenues to levels projected in 2010.
This will include introducing separate banding for new diesel cars.
Encourage the market for electric vehicles, including with targeted support for buses, taxis and light freight,
and early requirements to use low emission vehicles in the public sector.
We will set a target of 2040 for the date after which only Ultra-Low Emission vehicles will be permitted on UK roads for non-freight purposes.
Work with industry to accelerate the commercial introduction of zero emission fuel cell electric vehicles,
and facilitate the UK-wide introduction of hydrogen fuelling infrastructure.
Review the best way to keep our regulatory framework updated to permit use of driverless and personal electric vehicles.
Support options for an intercity cycleway along the HS2 route, within the overall budget for the project.
Implement the recommendations of the Get Britain Cycling report, including steps to deliver a £10 a head annual public expenditure on cycling within existing budgets.
This will allow greater investment in cycling including bike lanes, high-volume secure bike parking, and road safety measures to keep cyclists safe.
6.6. Improving local public transport
High-quality public transport is essential to building sustainable communities and local economies, and two thirds of public transport journeys are made by bus.
With more people commuting to work by bus than any other mode of public transport, buses are of significant importance to the economy.
Bus services are also particularly important to many rural and isolated communities, where one in five of the population lives.
Carry out a review of bus funding and bus policies and introduce a five-year investment plan to give the industry and Local Authorities certainty and help plan investment.
We will support local areas that want to bring forward plans for regulating the bus network in their area.
Give new powers to Local Authorities and communities to improve transport in their areas,
including the ability to introduce network-wide ticketing like in London.
Support the expansion of smart ticketing systems.
Continue funding for local economic and sustainable transport infrastructure through the Local Growth Fund.
Help bus companies trade in older, more polluting buses and coaches for newer, low emissions ones, helping develop the market for low-carbon buses.
6.7 Sustainable rural communities
A thriving rural community needs local services and community facilities like schools, public transport, local shops, cultural venues and pubs.
It needs enough homes, affordable for local families, to ensure those services are viable.
And it needs public transport:
travel costs are a major component of rural poverty.
Liberal Democrats understand the changes needed to support a living, working countryside.
We will: Renew the 2010–15 commitment that there will be no programme of Post Office closures and protect Royal Mail’s Universal Service Obligation to deliver across the UK for the same price.
Introduce ‘retained’ police officers, fully trained officers available to respond when needed, to increase police presence in rural communities.
Develop the Community Budgets model for use in rural areas to combine services, encouraging the breaking down of boundaries between different services.
This will help keep rural services like GP surgeries, pharmacies, post offices and libraries open by enabling them to cooperate, share costs and co-locate in shared facilities.
Continue the fuel discount scheme for remote areas implemented by Liberal Democrat Ministers
and work with the European Commission to extend it to further remote areas with high fuel costs.
Work with Local Authorities to integrate transport networks in rural areas, building on the work of Liberal Democrat Ministers’ Total Transport pilot.
Green Britain Guarantee: Five Green Laws
A Nature Act which will include:
Placing the Natural Capital Committee on a statutory footing.
The Committee was set up in 2012; it provides advice to the government on the state of England’s natural assets including forests, rivers, land, minerals and oceans.
A requirement for government to set out a 25-year plan for recovering nature, with annual updates to Parliament,
including how to reverse the decline of UK species and their habitats
and ensure that bees and other insects are able to fulfil their important role as crop pollinators.
The introduction of a new Public Sector Sustainability Duty, requiring steadily higher green criteria in public procurement policy,
and placing requirements on public authorities to act in a sustainable manner.
Implementation of the findings of the Independent Panel on Forestry, creating a new public body, free from political interference and securely funded, to own and manage the national forests.
Transposition of EU air and water quality targets into UK law to confirm our commitments.
A sustainable water abstraction regime, for the public, industry and the natural environment.
The formation of a one million square kilometre southern Atlantic Ocean reserve.
A Resource Efficiency and Zero Waste Britain Act which will include:
Implementation of recommendations from our planned ‘Stern Report’ on resource efficiency, which the Natural Capital Committee will conduct.
Increased penalties for waste crimes, aiming to move from an average fine of £50,000 to £75,000 and to an average sentence of 12 to 18 months.
A statutory recycling target of 70% for waste in England.
Regulation to promote design that enhances repairability, reuse and recycling, requiring specified products to be sold with parts and labour guarantees for at least five years.
Liberal Democrats will put the environment at the heart of government policy.
We will pass five green laws to establish a permanent legal framework for a prosperous, sustainable economy.
A Green Transport Act which will include:
A statutory target of 2030 by which time all major, regularly used rail routes will need to be electrified.
A requirement that every new bus and taxi is Ultra Low Emission from 2030
and every car on the road meets that standard by 2040.
The creation of Low Emission Zones as part of a national air quality plan, including a legal requirement for the most polluted towns and cities
A new statutory framework that all new rail franchises include a stronger focus on customers
Updates to roads regulation to promote innovation in transport like driverless cars and personal electric vehicles.
A Zero Carbon Britain Act which will include:
A new legally-binding target for Zero Carbon Britain by 2050, to be monitored and audited by the Climate Change Committee (CCC).
The Climate Change Act 2008 established an aim to reduce UK greenhouse gas emissions by 80% by 2050 based on the 1990 baseline.
A 2030 power sector decarbonisation target of 50-100g per kWh, as recommended by the CCC.
Emission Performance Standards for existing coal power stations, designed to ensure electricity generation from unabated coal will stop by 2025.
Giving full borrowing powers to the Green Investment Bank, to boost further investment in low-carbon technologies.
A Green Buildings Act which will include:
A Council Tax discount for significant improvements in energy efficiency in homes.
Ambitious targets for all social and private rented homes to reach Energy Performance Certificate Band C by 2027.
A statutory target to bring the homes of all fuel-poor households to Band C by 2027.
A new legal framework to require regulators to facilitate the development of deep geothermal heat,
large-scale heat pumps,
waste industrial heat
and energy storage systems.
New powers for government to introduce new energy efficiency and heat saving regulations to reduce heat and energy use.
Affordable homes for all Meeting our housing needs
For people to live fulfilled lives they need a decent home at a cost they can afford.
But that simple ambition is getting further and further out of reach.
Britain has failed for decades to build enough homes,
and in many places property prices and rents have risen beyond what normal working families can afford.
We have to speed up house building
and stop prices from getting any further out of reach of families.
For people to live fulfilled lives they need a decent home at a cost they can afford.
But that simple ambition is getting further and further out of reach.
Britain has failed for decades to build enough homes,
and in many places property prices and rents have risen beyond what normal working families can afford.
Meanwhile many older people in homes that are no longer right for their circumstances would like to move but do not have suitable options.
We have made a start in addressing this.
The supply of affordable rented housing has been increasing.
We have liberalised the planning system,
while protecting important green spaces.
We have pushed government departments to release unwanted sites for homes.
But the problems are now in danger of becoming a crisis, with home ownership plummeting among the under 40s,
many young people priced out of even renting a place of their own,
and the risk of a new housing bubble, focused on London and the South East.
We have to speed up house building
and stop prices from getting any further out of reach of families.
A Record of Delivery
Restored house building from record lows to nearly 150,000 a year
Helped families buy a home with Help to Buy equity loans
Banned ‘revenge evictions’ where rogue landlords evict tenants who make complaints
Improved the energy efficiency of a million homes since 2013, cutting overall UK energy use by 2.5% a year
A Promise of More
Set an ambitious goal to build 300,000 homes a year, including in 10 new Garden Cities
in areas where homes are needed most
New Rent to Own homes where your monthly payments steadily buy you a stake in the property
New Help to Rent tenancy deposit loans to help young people get into their first place
Cut Council Tax by £100 for 10 years if you insulate your home,
and ban landlords from letting out homes tenants cannot reasonably afford to heat
7.1 Building more and better homes
For far too long Britain has built many fewer homes than we need;
unless we build enough to meet demand, year after year, we will find housing costs rise further out of reach.
That is why we have set an ambitious target of increasing the rate of house building to 300,000 a year.
Within the first year of the next Parliament, we will publish a long-term plan that sets out how this goal will be achieved.
Our plans will include: At least ten new Garden Cities in England, in areas where there is local support, providing tens of thousands of high-quality new homes, with gardens and shared green space, jobs, schools and public transport.
We will encourage rural Local Authorities to follow these principles on a smaller scale, too, developing new garden villages or suburbs as part of their plans for growth.
Up to five major new settlements along a Garden Cities Railway between Oxford and Cambridge.
Ambitious targets for development on unwanted public sector sites through the Homes and Communities Agency,
with Local Authorities given new powers to ensure development happens on any unused site in which the public sector has an interest.
A review of Compulsory Purchase legislation to facilitate site assembly, including for Garden Cities.
We will also pilot techniques for capturing the increase in land values from the granting of planning permission, helping to deliver our Garden Cities.
A government commissioning programme to boost house building towards our 300,000 target; where the market alone fails to deliver sufficient numbers, government agencies will directly commission homes for sale and rent to fill the gap.
We are already piloting this direct approach in Cambridgeshire.
A new government-backed Housing Investment Bank to provide long-term capital for major new settlements and help attract finance for major house building projects.
7.2 Improving planning
Good planning is essential to delivering sustainable communities.
With effective planning rules, we can ensure the new homes we build are well connected to public transport,
resilient to the threats of climate change,
safe, warm and secure, and situated in real communities where people can easily come together.
We will work with Local Authorities to ensure they think for the long term, and use their powers to facilitate an affordable local housing market.
We will: Put Local Authorities in the driving seat for plan-led development by requiring them to make a plan for 15 years of housing need, working collaboratively with neighbouring Councils where necessary to identify sites.
We will strengthen the Duty to Cooperate to help authorities –  like Cambridge, Oxford and Luton – with insufficient space within the Local Authority boundary to meet housing demand to grow, through development on sites beyond the Local Authority boundaries
. This long-term approach will enable us to secure the homes we need while being much stricter about proposals that deviate from the Local Plan.
We will: Create a Community Right of Appeal in cases where planning decisions go against the approved local plan, or a Local Plan that is emerging and has undergone substantive consultation.
Not allow developers’ appeals against planning decisions that are in line with the local plan.
Not allow planning appeals solely on the basis of challenges to the 15-year master plan.
Improve housing needs assessments to ensure they respond to demand, including through price signals, rather than simply need,
and segment more effectively demand from different kinds of household, including high-quality shared accommodation for young people.
All areas will be expected to plan for the needs of older people for age-appropriate housing
and we will work with Local Authorities to help people who wish to ‘right size’, particularly in later life.
Require Local Authorities to keep a register of people who want a self-build plot in the local area and plan to meet demand for these plots, including through ‘affordable land’:
plots on which self-builders can take a long-term lease at an affordable rent and build or commission a home.
Update planning law to introduce the concept of ‘landscape scale planning’
and ensure new developments promote walking, cycling, car sharing and public transport and improve rather than diminish access to green spaces.
Prioritise development on brownfield and town centre sites and bring to an end the permitted development rights for converting offices to residential.
Enable Local Authorities to: Attach planning conditions to new developments to ensure homes are occupied, tackling the growth of ‘buy to leave empty’ investments from overseas in property hotspots like London.
Levy up to 200% Council Tax on second homes where they judge this to be appropriate.
Pilot new planning conditions to ensure local communities benefit from increased housing supply.
7.3 Affordable housing
The government has an essential role to play in supporting the development of affordable housing.
We have maintained a substantial programme of affordable house building in the last five years, in part enabled by designing innovative products that can deliver new homes at a lower cost.
We will continue to innovate, enabling Local Authorities, Housing Associations and central government alike to build many more homes.
We will: Review the Homes and Communities Agency’s grant programmes to simplify and streamline the process and enable more innovation.
Allow Local Authorities more flexibility to borrow to build affordable housing, including traditional council housing,
and devolve full control of the Right to Buy.
Scrap plans to exempt smaller housing development schemes from their obligation to provide affordable homes.
Encourage affordable housing providers – both Councils and Housing Associations – to innovate, including using the development of homes for sale or market rent to help subsidise new affordable homes.
We will refocus the Vacant Building Credit so it only applies to properties that have been vacant for an extended period.
Tackle overcrowding with a new system to incentivise social landlords to reduce the number of tenants under-occupying their homes, freeing up larger properties.
Introduce a new Intermediate Housing Fund to fund intermediate housing products, including:
Affordable Rent homes, at up to 80% of local market rent.
Shared Ownership homes, where customers buy a proportion of the home and pay an affordable rent for the rest.
A new Rent to Own model where monthly payments steadily accrue the tenant a percentage stake in the property, owning it outright after 30 years.
New build shared accommodation at the local LHA Shared Accommodation Rate.
We recognise that most people aspire to own their own home, and believe in supporting people on the journey to home ownership.
But policies that promote home ownership should be focused on newly built homes to prevent artificial pressure on prices, and should not discriminate on the basis of previous housing tenure.
7.4 Protecting private tenants and leaseholders
More and more people –  including families –  are renting in the private sector for the long term.
We believe private renting is an important part of the housing market, but the balance has shifted too far against the tenant, and more needs to be done to help people making a home in rented property.
We will: Improve protections against rogue landlords and encourage a new multi-year tenancy with an agreed inflation-linked annual rent increase built in.
Enable Local Authorities to operate licensing schemes for rental properties in areas where they believe it is needed.
Establish a voluntary register of rented property where either the landlord or the tenant can register the property, to improve enforcement and tax transparency.
Ban letting agent fees to tenants if the transparency requirements we introduced are not successful in bringing fees down to an affordable level by the end of 2016.
Extend the use of Rent Repayment Orders to allow tenants to have their rent refunded when a property is found to contain serious risks to health,
and withhold rent from landlords who have not carried out court-ordered improvements within a reasonable period of time
Introduce a new Help to Rent scheme to provide government-backed tenancy deposit loans for all first-time renters under 30.
Conduct a full review of the help single people get under homelessness legislation.
7.5 Affordable warmth and greener homes
Warming our homes is an essential part of the fight against climate change,
and also vital to keep bills affordable.
Energy prices in Britain are lower than the EU average but our bills are higher because our homes are so poorly insulated.
We have made huge advances in this Parliament, increasing standards for newly built homes, and improving more than a million homes in just two years.
In the next Parliament we will go further, ensuring at least four million homes are improved by 2020,
not only lowering bills and helping to tackle the scourge of fuel poverty,
but generating jobs too.
We will: Remove exemptions in the Zero Carbon Standard for new homes, increasing the standard steadily and extending it to non-domestic buildings from 2019.
We will promote the development of off-site manufacturing techniques, which have been shown to improve energy performance of buildings.
Pass a new Green Buildings Act to set new energy efficiency targets, including a long-term ambition for every home to reach at least an energy rating of Band C by 2035.
Act to tackle fuel poverty, ensuring all low-income homes are brought up to Band C by 2027,
with continued support for the Green Deal Communities programme, enabling local Councils to provide help street by street.
Improve the standard of private rented and social housing, requiring these homes to be upgraded to Band C by 2027.
Introduce incentives to help everyone invest in energy efficiency:
A Council Tax reduction of at least £100 for 10 years, when the resident’s home has an energy saving improvement of at least two bands.
A new Feed Out Tariff for investment in solid wall insulation, the most expensive and difficult energy saving investment for some homes.
Reform the Green Deal ‘pay as you save’ scheme into a new Green Homes Loan Scheme,
funding renewable heat and electricity alongside energy efficiency.
Boost community energy efficiency by empowering the Green Investment Bank to develop innovative financial products for whole street or district-wide energy efficiency retrofits.
Develop a range of targeted, innovative programmes to support the above, including infrastructure funding where appropriate, such as: ‘Insulation on prescription’ to link up the NHS with the fuel poverty agenda.
An Off-Gas-Grid Strategy to help rural areas benefit from new technologies.
Interest-free loans to fund energy efficiency home improvements.
Freedom and opportunity Equal rights for all
Liberal Democrats have always been champions of liberty and human rights.
Freedom of expression has recently been under renewed attack, and siren voices call for us to sacrifice freedom to gain illusory security.
Liberal Democrats reject this false choice: true security for individuals and for our nation must be built on a platform of equal rights and civil liberties.
Discrimination and inequality can hold people back just as much as a lack of legal freedoms.
Opportunities are not equally distributed in modern Britain.
That must change, and will with Liberal Democrats in government.
Liberal Democrats have always been champions of liberty and human rights.
No one can make the most of their lives if their basic freedoms are violated.
This election comes just a month before we celebrate the 800th anniversary of Magna Carta, a foundation stone of our liberties.
Legal protections have come a long way since then, but as society and technology becomes more complex there is a never-ending struggle to reassert the principle of individual liberty.
Freedom of expression has recently been under renewed attack, and siren voices call for us to sacrifice freedom to gain illusory security.
Liberal Democrats reject this false choice: true security for individuals and for our nation must be built on a platform of equal rights and civil liberties.
Discrimination and inequality can hold people back just as much as a lack of legal freedoms.
Opportunities are not equally distributed in modern Britain.
Where you are from, what your parents did, your ethnicity, health, sexuality and gender still too often affect your chances in life, your educational attainments, your work prospects, how you are treated by the police and the justice system, and even how long you will live.
That must change, and will with Liberal Democrats in government.
A Record of Delivery
Scrapped ID cards and blocked the so-called Snooper’s Charter that would have monitored everyone’s internet use
Freedoms Act to cut intrusive CCTV,
stop fingerprinting children in schools
and stop aggressive wheel clamping
Introduced equal marriage for gay and lesbian couples
Reduced the gender pay gap and increased the number of women on boards
Stopped locking up children of asylum seekers
and strengthened rules on police stop and search
A Promise of More
Protect your privacy by updating data laws for the internet age with a Digital Bill of Rights
A second Freedoms Act to protect free speech,
stop heavy-handed policing
and ban Mosquito devices that discriminate against young people.
Combat homophobic bullying and discrimination, including in schools
Support a million more women who want to work with better childcare,
help with caring responsibilities
and action against discrimination
Fight discrimination in the criminal justice system
and recruit more Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic police officers
8.1 Equality and diversity
A fair society should treat its citizens equally and with dignity.
In this Parliament, thanks to Liberal Democrats in government, there have been key advances in the fight for equality – like introducing same-sex marriage and banning age discrimination.
But we must continue our work to fight prejudice and discrimination based on race, age, religion or belief, gender, sexuality, and disability.
We will enact the remaining unimplemented clauses of the Equality Act 2010.
To advance the cause of women and gender equality we will: Set an ambitious goal to see a million more women in work by 2020 thanks to more jobs, better childcare, and better back-to-work support.
Challenge gender stereotyping and early sexualisation, working with schools to promote positive body image
and widespread understanding of sexual consent law,
and break down outdated perceptions of gender appropriateness of particular academic subjects.
Work to end the gender pay gap, including with new rules on gender pay transparency.
Continue the drive for diversity in business leadership, maintaining momentum towards at least 30% of board members being women
and encouraging gender diversity among senior managers, too.
We will work to achieve gender equity in government programmes that support entrepreneurs.
To promote equality in relationships and for LGBT+ individuals, we will:
Give legal rights and obligations to cohabiting couples in the event of relationship breakdown or one partner dying without a will.
Permit humanist weddings and opposite sex civil partnerships, and liberalise the rules about the location, timing and content of wedding ceremonies.
Support schools to tackle homophobic and transphobic bullying and discrimination,
and to establish a tolerant and inclusive environment for all their pupils.
We will remove schools’ exemption from the bar on harassment in these areas
while protecting the right to teach about religious doctrine.
Promote international recognition of same sex marriages and civil partnerships as part of a comprehensive International LGBT Rights Strategy that supports the cause of decriminalising homosexuality in other countries.
Seek to pardon all those with historic convictions for consensual homosexual activity between adults.
Enhance the experience of all football fans by making homophobic chanting a criminal offence, like racist chanting.
Ask the Advisory Committee on Safety of Blood, Tissues and Organs periodically to review rules around men who have sex with men donating blood to consider what restrictions remain necessary.
To tackle the racial discrimination faced by Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic (BAME) people we will: Build on the Coalition’s BAME Access to Finance report to identify ways to encourage more BAME applicants to apply for finance and set up small business.
We will publish diversity data on government entrepreneurship programmes and seek to achieve fair representation of BAME communities.
Encourage businesses to ensure at least one place on their board is filled by a BAME candidate.
Monitor and tackle the BAME pay gap.
Outlaw caste discrimination.
Maintain funding for people to develop and improve their English language skills to enable them to fully participate in society and achieve their potential.
Challenge discrimination in the criminal justice system by: Improving the safeguards in police stop and search powers in England and Wales with tighter guidance
and requiring police to wear body cameras in Section 60 areas, the establishment of which will require judicial sanction.
Boosting police recruitment from BAME groups.
Conducting a full review of the causes of the overrepresentation of BAME individuals in the criminal justice system.
To tackle religious discrimination and support faith and belief communities in working together we will: Continue support for the Interfaith Network to promote strong and sustainable relations between different faith communities.
Support projects aimed at tackling intolerance such as Show Racism the Red Card and the Anne Frank Trust UK.
Work closely with faith and community organisations, such as the Community Security Trust (which works to protect the Jewish community against antisemitic attacks) and the Muslim Council of Britain, to prevent hate crime,
including at places of worship like synagogues and mosques.
We are determined to combat antisemitism and anti-Muslim hate in the UK and internationally.
To empower people with disabilities to live full lives and achieve their potential we will: Improve the benefits system for disabled people, based on the principle of one assessment, one budget.
This will bring together support like Personal Independence Payment, Employment Support Allowance, a replacement for the Independent Living Fund and health and social care entitlements.
We will implement the proposals set out in the 2015 Green Paper on Learning Disabilities.
Ensure disabled people who need an extra room are entitled to one in any assessment of their Housing Benefit needs.
Help greater numbers of disabled people work by encouraging employers to shortlist any qualified disabled candidate
and providing advice about workplace adaptation.
Maintain Disabled Students’ Allowance to ensure students with disabilities receive appropriate support in their university studies,
and review the impact of any changes to consider additional protections for the most vulnerable students with disabilities.
Make it easier to get around by: Making more stations wheelchair accessible and giving wheelchair users priority over children’s buggies when space is limited.
Bringing into effect the provisions of the 2010 Equality Act on discrimination by private hire vehicles and taxis.
Improving the legislative framework governing Blue Badges.
Building on our successes in improving wheelchair access to improve accessibility of public transport for people with other disabilities, including visual and auditory impairment.
Setting up a benchmarking standard for accessible cities.
Tackle disability hate crime by ensuring proper monitoring of incidents by police forces and other public authorities.
Formally recognise British Sign Language as an official language of the United Kingdom.
To ensure the highest standards of equality and fairness in public services we will: Maintain the Public Sector Equality Duty
and encourage external providers to the public sector to follow best practice in terms of diversity.
Prohibit discrimination on the grounds of religion in the provision of public services.
Move to ‘name blank’ recruitment wherever possible in the public sector.
Replicate the civil service accelerated programme for underrepresented groups across the public sector.
Require diversity in Public Appointments.
We will introduce a presumption that every shortlist should include a BAME candidate.
We will establish an independent committee that will monitor the drive for greater diversity in public appointments and verify the independence of the appointment process to public bodies, boards and institutions.
Work to ensure the shift to Digital by Default for public services does not leave people behind, by upholding the highest standards of accessibility in digital services and maintaining government programmes on digital inclusion.
Freedom of speech and the free press
As the Charlie Hebdo attacks in Paris showed, freedom of expression cannot be taken for granted.
In an open society there can be no right ‘not to be offended’, which is why Liberal Democrats in government have strengthened the law to make it harder for prosecutions to be brought for using 'insulting words',
and have led the way in protecting journalists’ sources under the 2000 Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act (RIPA).
Yet censorship and self-censorship are still rife, and the threat of prosecution can have a chilling effect on the willingness of people to speak out against injustice and corruption.
To change this and promote investigative journalism, we will: Introduce statutory public interest defences for exceptional cases where journalists may need to break the law (such as RIPA, the 2010 Bribery Act, and the 1998 Computer Misuse Act) to expose corruption or other criminal acts.
Ensure judicial authorisation is required for the acquisition of communications data which might reveal journalists’ sources or other privileged communications, for any of the purposes allowed under RIPA;
and allow journalists the opportunity to address the court before authorisation is granted, where this would not jeopardise the investigation.
Undertake a post-legislative review of the 2013 Defamation Act, which Liberal Democrats drove through Parliament, to ensure the new provisions are reducing the chill of libel threats.
Introduce, after consultation on the detail, the changes to the 1998 Data Protection Act recommended by Lord Justice Leveson to provide a fairer balance between personal privacy and the requirements of journalism,
ensuring that the position of investigative journalists is safeguarded.
To promote the independence of the media from political influence we will remove Ministers from any role in appointments to the BBC Trust or the Board of Ofcom.
To guarantee press freedom, we will pass a British ‘First Amendment’ law, to require the authorities and the courts to have regard to the importance of a free media in a democratic society.
To nurture public interest journalism and protect the public from press abuse, we are committed to a system of accountability that is totally independent of both government and the newspaper industry, as set out in the Royal Charter on Press Regulation.
We share the hope of Lord Justice Leveson that the incentives for the press to sign up to genuinely independent self-regulation will succeed.
But if, in the judgment of the Press Recognition Panel, after 12 months of operation, there is significant non-cooperation by newspaper publishers, then – as Leveson himself concluded –Parliament will need to act, drawing on a range of options including the legislative steps necessary to ensure that independent self-regulation is delivered.
Where possible, we would seek to do this on the same cross-party basis that achieved the construction of the Leveson scheme by the Royal Charter.
8.3 Policing and security service powers
Liberal Democrats believe security and liberty are two sides of the same coin: you cannot have one without the other.
The police and intelligence agencies do vital work to protect the public and we are rightly proud of them.
But we always have to be vigilant that the state does not overreach itself, as it has done at times through corruption, heavy-handedness or illiberal laws.
We will: Ensure proper oversight of the security services.
Establish in legislation that the police and intelligence agencies should not obtain data on UK residents from foreign governments that it would not be legal to obtain in the UK under UK law.
Back a full judicial enquiry into complicity in torture if the current investigation by the Commons Intelligence and Security Committee investigation fails to get to truth.
End indefinite detention for immigration purposes.
Introduce restrictions on the indefinite use of police bail.
Require judicial authorisation for the use of undercover police officers to infiltrate alleged criminal groups.
Get to the full truth about corrupt practices in parts of the police and the press by ensuring that the Daniel Morgan Panel Inquiry is completed expeditiously
and that Part 2 of the Leveson Inquiry starts as soon as the criminal prosecutions in the hacking scandal are completed.
Identify practical alternatives to the use of closed material procedures within the justice system, including the provisions of the 2013 Justice and Security Act,
