introDuCtion  A Chairde, Over the last eight years, despite unprecedented However, all of this work is now being undermined as a challenges caused by a global recession and an assault result of four years of Tory cuts and austerity targetting by the Tory party on the Executive budget, progress has public services and the most vulnerable in society. They been made.  The economic crisis has caused real hardship are threatening further cuts after this election.  This is not for many families and businesses, that is why we have so acceptable or sustainable. strongly opposed austerity and prioritised building the Austerity imposed from London is the price citizens are peace, delivering unprecedented job creation, targetting paying for the union. That is economically wrong and investment to frontline services and protecting the most fundamentally undemocratic. Our economy, our society vulnerable. and our future should be in the hands of a government »  Over £8bn invested in economic regeneration. accountable to and elected by our citizens. »  Unprecedented inward investment with over 800 This austerity agenda is the single greatest threat to the international companies locating in the North, people of the North and it’s political institutions. employing more than 75,000 people. »  Unemployment has fallen for 27 months in a row.  The absence of fiscal powers have made the Executive’s »  The transfer of powers over corporation tax, as a first task even more difficult. The political institutions in the step in the securing of control over all fiscal powers. North need to move to the next stage – financial powers »  Reform of Local Government, including the reduction need to be transferred to the Assembly and Executive.  in the number of Councils from 26 to 11. It is the people who live here who will make the best »  Transfer of powers on Policing and Justice. decisions, not a cabinet of millionaires in London – which »  Improvements in outcomes for children at primary is neither elected by, nor accountable to the people here. and secondary level. Taxes raised here should stay here and the Executive and »  Revitalising the Irish language community through Assembly should decide how they are spent. It is only with investment in Irish medium education and the Liofa independence and self-determination that we will have Project. the ability to determine our own future. »  A deal on CAP reform for farmers in the North. »  In the coming weeks, while other parties are seeking to An unprecedented all-party agreement on dealing prop up either Labour or Tories and their policy of cuts with the past. for narrow political agendas, Sinn Féin will be relentless in seeking the best deal for all our people.  We have achieved During the Stormont House negotiations we demonstrated more in direct negotiations with the British Government once again that it is possible to take an effective stand than other parties have in decades on the back benches at against the Tory assault and to deliver for the people.  We Westminster. successfully negotiated a significantly enhanced package This election is an opportunity to take a stand against the of welfare protections for some of the most vulnerable Westminster politics of austerity and for a vision of a united, people within our society.  These agreements must now be prosperous, equal and inclusive Ireland. delivered. After the election we will be seeking an immediate negotiation with the incoming British Government to restore the budget and protect public services and to gain full control over our economy. A vote for Sinn Féin will strengthen our hand. On May 7th, Vótáil Sinn Féin
