Introduction by  Mike Nesbitt MLA Leader of the Ulster Unionist Party After all we in Northern Ireland have been through, this cannot be as good as it gets. You should demand better of your politicians. I want our people to feel healthier, happier and more prosperous.  I want our politics to switch from a culture of Dependency on welfare and the Block Grant, to a mind-set where we are focused on generating serious wealth for all our people. I want to tackle the toxic legacies of the Troubles: sectarianism, and poor mental health and wellbeing. Here are some big ideas that could change Northern Ireland for the better: •  Educate our children together from age 4 and you give them a virtual inoculation against sectarianism; •  Improve mental health and wellbeing and you get a Triple Win, addressing the legacy of the past, empowering people to move off benefits, and rebalancing the economy by making people economically active; •  Create tens of thousands of new jobs and you transform society as more and more people find their lives have proper meaning and purpose. Our politics never changes unless you make it happen.   The 7th of May is your chance.  Last year, your votes in the Local Government elections helped us turn a corner.  Now we want to return the favour. Together, we can force through a new relationship which better respects you, the people. I want us to move away from the current position, where the parties at the heart of our politics operate a High Accountability, Low  Trust regime.  That’s to say, they demand you account for your every action, yet they offer you very little trust in return, and seldom account for their own activities. The 7th May represents an opportunity to stop voting out of fear, because people say bad things will happen to you if you do not support them. The 7th of May is a chance to vote for Hope. The 7th of May is One Day, where your One Vote, is a chance to vote for Change. That is why on the 7th of May, I am asking YOU to Vote Ulster Unionist.
